The Kimberley Provincial Hospital said it would probably know by Tuesday whether one of its patients had Congo Fever .
He said it was his opinion that the patient -- a woman -- was suffering from tick bite fever .
Saeed said indications were that those tests would be negative too .
The woman was admitted to the hospital on Saturday after complaining of severe joint pains .
It is believed that sand from northern areas , especially the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region , and floating dust from the city 's uncovered construction sites are the main causes .
Private organizations are also being encouraged to help fight sandstorms , according to the administration 's vice-director Li Yucai .
Labus said the United States , which had until the last minute been uncertain of attending the conference , contingent on Milosevic 's extradition , pledged 181.6 million dollars during the morning session .
" We decided to make some bold decisions , " he said .
" Nobody is happy when a former president is taken before the tribunal in The Hague , but it had to happen and the sooner the better , " Yugoslav Deputy Prime Minister Miroljub Labus told reporters on his arrival here .
" But the costs of failing to support Yugoslavia as it struggles to break with the past would surely be higher still .
" We are in the middle of a very complicated process of changing almost completely our political and economic system ... This process is long and painful , but we are determined to win . "
We are now fully back into the international community , politically , diplomatically and financially , and that 's very important for us .
" There is no quick fix " to the Yugoslav problem , the World Bank 's Johannes Linn said .
" The possibility of a democratic , stable and prosperous Yugoslavia moving toward integration with Europe is something which we dared not hope for only eight months ago . "
The donors ' conference , co-sponsored by the European Commission and the World Bank , was hoping to raise 1.25 billion dollars ( 1.47 billion euros ) for Yugoslavia this year for urgent repairs to infrastructure and salaries to teachers and other civil servants .
Johannes Linn , World Bank vice-president for Europe and Central Asia , said the bank had pledged 150 million dollars for the current calendar year and " over the next three years we expect to support Yugoslavia to the tune of about 540 million US dollars in concessional loans . "
Labus said Milosevic 's extradition " is of course a part of the equation , " but added " broad economic reforms and democracy that we introduced into the country " had played a major role .
" The fact that Milosevic is on the way to be brought to justice is just a signal that my country is ready to respect all international obligations . "
" A Yugoslavia that has a firm and decisive program of economic reforms in place is and is increasingly integrated into the wider international community is no longer a dream , it is now a reality . "
In Berlin , Bodo Hombach , coordinator of the Balkans Stability Pact , said several delegations to the Brussels conference told him it was now " easier and more motivating " to supply Belgrade with the aid it desperately needs .
By midday , the conference had garnered pledges totalling some 1.37 billion dollars in grants and low- or no-interest loans over the next three years , against the target figure set by the World Bank of 3.9 billion dollars for what Belgrade would need for the three-year period .
Linn said that as a result of recent changes in Belgrade , including the Milosevic extradition , " we will now be talking about Yugoslavia as an integral part of the successful formula of trust for economic recovery in the region . "
Aside from the financial assistance , said Labus , " this conference is symbolic for us .
" We decided to take the fast track to Europe and implement directly the international rules . "
Labus recalled that his country was recovering from " a decade of dramatic economic decline , including trade isolation and sanctions ...
Infrastructure , including power , water , rail and roads , he said , were " suffering from many years of decay , mismanagement and the consequences of the NATO 1999 bombing campaign " that ended Belgrade 's repression of Kosovo 's ethnic Albanian majority .
The owner though that the animal was suffering from some intoxication , which was confirmed also by the veterinarian called to examine the cow .
The owner put down the animal , although the vet had forbidden him to do so .
" Our agency seriously needs equipment for detecting drugs , " he said .
" Since our technical equipment is far from perfect , we perhaps seize even less than 10 per cent , " Nazarov said in an interview with the Thursday edition of Nezavisimaya Gazeta .
In March , Uganda declared Rwanda a hostile nation because of tensions arising from Kigali 's alleged support for a rival to Museveni in a presidential election .
GATUNA , Rwanda , July 6 ( AFP ) - President Paul Kagame of Rwanda and his Ugandan counterpart Yoweri Museveni began talks here Friday in a bid to mend soured relations between their neighbouring countries .
The formerly close allies fell out in 1999 , the year after each sent troops to back rebel movements in the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo , when mounting rivalry lead to violent clashes between their own armies there .
The two countries have each accused the other of backing dissidents .
Barring any reversal to the trend , the weekly quoted U.S. magazine Business Weekly as saying that Beijing might bring the island to its knees without firing one bullet .
Paris , July 11 ( CNA ) -- Taiwan 's economy will become totally dependent on mainland China within the next few years , causing the island to lose control of its own political fate , a French weekly warned Thursday .
The Nouvel Observateur said that Beijing is unlikely to annex Taiwan by force , despite its deployment of missiles along its coastal provinces opposite Taiwan , but is instead resorting to smarter tactics , bringing the Taiwan authorities to heel through Taiwan businessmen who are eager to explore the mainland Chinese market .
Although there is only scant possibility of a military conflict in the Taiwan Strait , the Nouvel Observateur said , Beijing 's military buildup in its southern coastal provinces still makes the region " the most heavily armed place in the world next only to the Middle East , " and a dangerous flashpoint in the 21st century .
The weekly said that mainland China has attracted more than US $ 50 billion in investment from Taiwan thus far , while the Taipei authorities bowed to pressure from its own businessmen to lift restrictions on investment in mainland China in May , a move expected to speed up the flow of Taiwan capital to its arch rival .
But Beijing 's leaders are not likely to blink on the issue either because an independent state in Taiwan would boost the schisms in Tibet and Xinjiang and threaten the regime in Beijing , the magazine claimed .
The publication quoted Wu Guoguang , a professor at Hong Kong University , as saying that any concessions by Washington on the Taiwan issue could trigger a defection of its Asian allies , including Japan , to Beijing 's fold .
Another factor which might deter Beijing 's military adventurism in the Taiwan Strait is Washington 's " readiness to fight Beijing for Taiwan , " which will bear witness to Washington 's determination to remain a power in Asia , according to the magazine .
Lebatt said the facilitation team expected to draw up a final list of participants by August 6 .
The young president 's father Laurent , assassinated in January , had sidelined Masire after accusing him of being biased in favour of the rebels .
Masire said this week he was determined to " ensure that people from all corners of the country are allowed to express their views " , adding that he wanted to avoid a " superficial " exercise .
Lebatt told the media conference that deep divergences remained concerning the designation of delegates to represent DRC political parties , and those to represent the parties who signed the Lusaka agreement .
" The political players must overcome their divisions by finding a formula for consensus , " said Lebatt , who is former foreign and cooperation minister of Mauritania .
The Lusaka accord merely speaks about " political opposition " , he said .
The conflict in the former Zaire broke out when rebels backed by Laurent Kabila 's erstwhile allies Rwanda and Uganda launched an insurgency in August 1998 .
" One must ask 'opposition to whom and what ? ' . "
Masire 's team , which has criss-crossed the former Zaire to prepare for the talks , is currently pursuing its mission in the provinces of Bandundu , Bas-Congo , Equateur , and in the capital Kinshasa , Lebatt said .
Russia favours creation of " international instruments " to regulate emissions
Russia is " interested in creating international instruments for regulating emissions , which will guarantee the stable economic development of all signatories to international agreements on the climate sphere without any exceptions " , the statement reads .
Moscow , 16 July : The Russian Foreign Ministry has called for " taking into account Russia 's specific interests " in working out international documents concerning the regulation of emissions .
" The US decision to withdraw from introducing state measures to regulate the emission of greenhouse gases negatively affects the world community 's efforts to ensure the global and efficient character of the Kyoto protocol , " the document reads .
A Foreign Ministry statement in connection with the opening of a conference of the signatories to the UN framework convention on climate change in Bonn reads that taking into account Russia 's interests " is of vital importance from the viewpoint of prospects for the ratification of the Kyoto protocol inside the state " .
The recall conducted in China in 1999 was purely a precautionary measure and no reports of any incidents in China had been received at that time , China Daily quoted the statement as saying .
The China Consumers Association said Monday that it had received five complaints of problems related with Benz cars in China , according to China Daily .
The exclusion of China from the recall has led to claims that the firm was biased against Chinese customers .
According to military experts , it is possible that clashes will resume between the Taleban and UIFSA forces in various regions of Afghanistan in the next few days and weeks .
TEHRAN -- In a meeting with the head of Foreign Ministry 's Representative Office in Mashhad , Khorasan Province , Turkmen deputy foreign minister on Sunday , said that new facilities have been provided for issuing visas for Iranians who intend to visit Turkmenistan .
The test , which was carried out in conformity with the rules for such cases , raised suspicions of BSE , which were later confirmed .
The minister went on to say that although mainland China is squeezing Taiwan 's development space in the world community with its huge resources and strong diplomacy , the ROC can still break through its difficulties as long as it implements democracy and obtains the support of overseas Chinese communities .
Chang said after visiting Chinese communities in the United States , New Zealand and Southeast Asia that education and cultural work needs to be further strengthened in the Chinese communities in Southeast Asia .
A total of 38 overseas Chinese community leaders from nine Asian and Pacific countries attended the symposium , at which the participants also exchanged views on cross-Taiwan Strait relations .
Taipei , Aug. 17 ( CNA ) -- The Republic of China [ ROC ] government will push for Chinese language education among the vast number of Chinese communities in Southeast Asia , a high-ranking ROC official said Friday .
Charges against the MDC leader arose after he allegedly told a crowd at the party 's first anniversary last year that " ... Zvatichada , what we would like to tell Mugabe today is that ... please go peacefully .
If the Supreme Court rules in favour of Mr Tsvangirai , who if convicted on the charges might face life imprisonment , the Attorney General 's Office will have to draw up a new charge .
MDC leader Tsvangirai at it again in South Africa
" If sanctions are imposed on Zimbabwe , it will not survive .
His trial was set to start at the High Court in May but the case was referred to the High Court after he challenged the legality of LOMA in the Supreme Court .
But he opposed any steps that could plunge the country deeper into a recession that has already pushed unemployment , inflation and interest rates above 60 percent .
" But anyone who wants to speak the language of violence where Zimbabwe is concerned is playing with fire .
Speaking in an address to the Cape Town Press club , Mr Tsvangirai , who is on a visit to South Africa , was quoted by Reuters as saying he was having to " rein in militants keen to fight President Mugabe 's rule " .
" Until such time as Mugabe actually subverts the electoral process - when one goes to that extreme , international sanctions will be an option .
" The quickest defeat of Tsvangirai and his MDC lot would come if they chose the path of violence , " an analyst who spoke on condition of anonymity said .
Mr Tsvangirai endorsed a United States proposal for targeted sanctions against President Mugabe and members of his Government but said full economic sanctions would be a ruinous mistake .
Zimbabwe 's performance in Mozambique , Somalia and the DRC speaks for itself .
The US Congress is set to consider the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Bill , which seeks to impose sanctions on Harare .
OPPOSITION youths are agitating to get guns to " shoot " President Mugabe " out of office , " MDC leader , Mr Morgan Tsvangirai said in South Africa yesterday
Mr Tsvangirai called for international action to ensure a free and fair presidential election .
" However , we do support certain limitations on the villains of the crisis in Zimbabwe , " he said .
But analysts expressed concern that the MDC leader is " flirting with mercenaries in South Africa " .
The MDC leader also alleged that the Government was trying to provoke protests that could be used as an excuse to suspend democracy .
Mr Tsvangirai might face charges of contravening the Law and Order Maintenance Act for allegedly threatening to violently remove President Mugabe from power last year .
If you do n't want to go peacefully , we will remove you violently . "
That is why , as MDC , we are reluctant at this stage to endorse the sanctions option .
" ... You have people who are 20 years and 30 years ( and ) below who are asking if we can get guns and go and shoot the man out of office , but I say : Please , that is the most dangerous thing you can ever do , " he said .
The visit is aimed at strengthening military relations between the two countries .
Earlier Australia 's immigration minister , Philip Ruddock , said it was believed the boat was carrying 80 people .
Indonesian authorities have been alerted to the presence of another boat believed to be carrying illegal immigrants bound for Australia .
Indonesia has notified merchant shipping in the area to check if the boat needs any assistance .
To us , parliamentarians still hold a quasi-official status , " he said .
Beijing was so worried about the tactic that Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji raised the matter in May with Thai leaders during his official visit to Thailand .
He said the number of Thai politicians visiting Taiwan , especially members of Parliament , was increasing at an " unusual " rate .
" We disapproved of these visits because no matter in what capacity these people travel , Taiwan treats them as official visits .
China 's minister in charge of Taiwan affairs says Beijing will not resort to force to defend Taiwan despite the changing situation on the island , which he described as " our renegade province " .
" I believe less than 10 per cent of Taiwanese now favour independence , " he said .
" Weapons can not prevent Taiwan from reuniting with China , " he told Thai and Chinese media last week .
Nevertheless , Taiwan heightened its diplomatic campaign through what Wang said was " parliamentarian " or " private diplomacy " to win recognition from Beijing 's allies .
However , according to broad statistics , Taiwan-born voters favouring independence account for 65 per cent of the island 's 23 million population .
Wang believes unification will benefit people on both sides of the Taiwan Straits .
At that time , then president Lee Teng-hui demanded political parity by unilaterally redefining bilateral ties as " special state-to-state " relations .
Taiwanese officials in Bangkok always claimed these trips from Thailand to Taiwan were voluntary and initiated by the visitors themselves .
Wang Yi , who made a three-day working visit to Thailand last week , sought to allay fears amongst allies in Asia about its cross-straits ties with Taiwan .
He gave an assurance that the situation would not escalate into war despite the latter 's acquisition of offensive weapons from the United States .
Wang said Beijing raised no objections to the so-called stop-over tactic used by Taiwanese leaders as long as the visits do not generate political activities in the host country .
Despite a still-tense relationship , Wang is optimistic reunification will eventually happen as was the case with Hong Kong and Macau .
He said the decline in President Chen 's popularity could be attributed to the drop in the number of people favouring independence .
He said Beijing will maintain its pursuit of peaceful unification with Taiwan and welcomed the resumption of dialogue , bogged down since 1999 .
While President Chen Shui-bian has mellowed his stance on independence , he has refused to bow to the " one-China policy " , a precondition for dialogue .
In his latest speech , Chen said the long-standing dispute with China must be resolved through dialogue with respect to the principles of democracy and freedom .
" We hope that this will serve as an occasion for LG to make inroads into the Central Asian region . " Uzbekistan is the largest country in central Asia with a population of 23 million and rich in natural resources .
It was the first time that a Taiwan labor group has been invited to participate in a meeting of the ILO , which is an affiliate of the United Nations .
Lin told CNA that the CFL gained high appraisal in its efforts to protect the rights of Thai , Filipino , Indonesian and Vietnamese workers in Taiwan .
Taiwan is the only country in Asia that allows foreign laborers to enjoy the same salary levels as their local counterparts , which elevates its image in international society , Lin added .
Lin noted that Taiwan is one of the ICFTU founders and that its participation in the ILO can serve as a model for Taiwan to take part in international activities .
Recently , Lin added , the Republic of China government was about to eliminate the minimum wage requirement for foreign workers mainly due to pressure from the business sector .
Beijing opposes Taiwan 's participation in any international organization in which sovereignty is a prerequisite .
However , through the protests of local labor groups , foreign laborers ' working rights were protected , bringing extra attention to the power of Taiwan labor groups .
He indicated that although Taiwan is not a U.N. member , it has signed two international agreements related to labor affairs and abides by all the regulations stipulated by the ILO .
According to reports received from family members in Rumonge [ southwestern Burundi ] , the fishermen were freed by their kidnappers , the FDD-FNL [ Forces for the Defence of Democracy-National Liberation Forces ] rebels , who had confused the fishermen 's boat to be that of the Burundi army .
At the time , the brutality with which this closure was implemented was unheard of , but now we have legal instruments to avoid this . "
First , his foreign trade minister , Annemie Neyts , has to create the right climate .
Moreover , the WTO is a young and small organization , and not a cold monster as some people are depicting it . "
" Unfortunately , Renault 's Vilvoorde plant did effectively close down , " but this is a question of overcapacity in the automobile industry . " According to Neyts , many initiatives to alleviate discontent have recently been taken .
This implies that it would totally liberalize trade .
There is no alternative to it but conflict , isolation , nationalism , and ultimately war .
There is an immense gulf between the hype surrounding a summit and its result , which is often worded in illegible conclusions .
The situation only got worse .
" However , the movement is more than that .
International cooperation is slow and does not function optimally , but the alternatives are worse . "
" In the 1930 's , the first reaction to the economic depression was to close all borders .
" Therefore , it is a positive development that all 'summits ' will be held in Brussels as of 2003 , " Neyts said .
Neyts is a resolute defender of world trade and the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) .
" This will remove the hype surrounding them . "
Closing off a zone by means of containers , as was done in Genoa , is an act of objectionable brutality . "
How do you set up an efficient judicial system ? "
" There is not one developing country that wants to link social regulations to WTO regulations .
But the protesters are not the only ones who are worried about the gulf between north and south . "
" This is no blind violence but rather targeted violence , " Annemie Neyts said referring to the antiglobalist movement that set Gothenburg and Genoa , among other cities , ablaze .
" Certain excesses at EU meetings and , above all , at 'summits , ' the so-called 'high masses , ' sometimes call for a reaction .
Neyts rejects all forms of violence , but understands the protests .
I think that the development debate does not focus enough on political development and political stability .
That is not what it is all about . "
To do this , regulations and a structure like the WTO are needed .
" Trade alone will not save the world , " Neyts said , " but in as far as it refers to the free exchange of products and movement of persons , it constitutes an important factor for economic development . "
But this can only change if we negotiate .
However , a clear answer that would silence all protests does not exist .
How do you create political parties ?
Out of 140 members , not even 50 percent has a permanent delegation in Geneva .
He says his letter in answer to the antiglobalists ' arguments is " personal , " but Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt is taking good care that his partners opinions ' are being heard , that general considerations alternate with real initiatives , that concessions are sufficiently concrete , and that his letter that will be published this Monday [ 10 September ] will attract worldwide attention .
" It is reassuring to believe that the Tobin tax [ on speculative capital movements ] will stimulate development , but there is more to it .
The least developed countries will be left behind . "
" We are living in a politically highly sophisticated society .
Neyts is convinced that gaining access to development is a much more complex phenomenon than is generally accepted .
" And this is not only a feeling .
The protest movement is colored by leftist ideology .
The WTO seeks to do exactly the contrary .
His timing is right .
We should keep listening and arguing , but adopt a cautious approach .
The WTO texts include passages about the need to heed civilian society and to pay attention to durable development . "
Otherwise , what will happen is that existing trade blocks will grow stronger .
I think that the antiglobalists do not realize what has already been done .
Neyts understands that developing countries may feel uneasy about the kind of trade negotiations that are conducted at WTO level .
" All the country 's problems are now often attributed to globalization , also country-specific problems such as corruption , for instance . "
In 1968 [ Paris student revolt ] I was annoyed at politicians who sided with us just to gain popularity . "
They think that this is some sort of new protectionism by the West following the abolishment of tariff barriers ( except for agriculture ) .
Their criticism that we obstruct agricultural products from the south is justified .
This is even worse in the case of G-8 meetings .
During this meeting , she has scheduled a meeting with peaceful antiglobalists , " but there is little I can do , " she said in an interview .
The WTO is accused of fostering trade anarchy .
We should listen to them .
Those countries do not possess the necessary expertise to conduct such highly technical negotiations . "
" Actually , I do not know what else we can do .
The current generation , too , is entitled to receive answers .
They thought they had lost the game , and all at once they see an opportunity to resume their ideological fight against capitalism .
The whole incident was in fact unprecedented in the history of European democracies , and has prompted a whole range of controversies and debates .
Whereas , beforehand , it was anticipated and hoped that the agreements reached at Genoa would help bring about beneficial results for the Bonn conference as well .
Critics of the meeting , on the margin of the conference , up held the view that the American government , instead of heeding the wishes of international community , and protecting the security of world nations , and above all the safety of its own citizens , has paid more attention to the interests of corporations and huge arms producers and military-industrial complexes that reap tremendous profits annually from the sale of such armaments .
The conference opened with fierce demonstrations by the opponents of economic globalization , who maintained that what is being concocted by globalization is in fact poverty .
Here are the views expressed by two of the prominent characters attending the Genoa Conference .
At the Bonn Conference too , the agenda was to tackle and discuss the most urgent and indispensable factors concerning the life of humankind .
The second feature was that both conferences ended without effective result , and the decisions taken and resolutions adopted there lacked conclusiveness and were not operational .
As regards the recent conference ( Bonn Meeting ) , although the past gatherings like the Hague meeting and Kyoto conference have proved to be failed experiences , nevertheless as the climatic and atmospheric crises are growing more serious , one can be optimistic and hopeful about the success of such protocols and pacts , and implementation of the agreements , even though they are not protected by any sanctions .
It can safely be claimed that the events in Genoa have influenced [ overshadowed ] the very conferences in New York and Bonn ; whereas , from the onset , the weak results of Genoa was foreseeable for most observers .
The joint demand and stand by the majority of countries attending the conference was encountered by firm opposition by the United States [ of America ] .
The Bonn Conference however , which dealt with the global environment and examined the condition of world climate , could be appraised as an exception and a relative success .
Because , from the very start it could be predicted that on the subject of economic globalization , the developed and capitalist states were going to come across fierce opposition by dissident groups and the supporters of economic growth in poor countries .
To recap , if there ever existed any possibility that at the conferences of New York and Genoa questions regarding : promotion of world security , improvement of economic conditions , defusing regional and global crises and conflicts , checking unleashed competition for rearmament , reduction of the gap between the mainstream and peripheral countries , and ... could be addressed and appropriate , serious , and worthy measures for their solution could be adopted , the opportunity was very easily lost and the meetings flopped completely .
Regarding the American proposed Anti-Missile Defense System too , neither Russia , China , Japan , nor even the European Union , had shown any enthusiasm ; rather they had all expressed their reserves on the project .
After two weeks of discussion and exchange of views at the New York Conference , it was decided to pay heed to the resolute demands advanced by the majority of the participants , who emphatically insisted on the imposition of a ban on the sale of light weaponry .
And it is likely that until each party seeks its own particular interest in the conflict , and until the rivalry persists , the question would continue to remain unresolved .
The remarkable feature of this conference was the joint resolution adopted by 180 countries worldwide -- - in regard to protection of environment , and above all reducing the emission of greenhouse gases -- - , which has isolated America in an undeniable way .
What , however , was most remarkable in the conferences in New York and Genoa , was the fact that most decisions made , were based on interests and tastes of particular groups [ lobbies ] .
Concerning the environmental protection issue , the emission of toxic and greenhouse gases , and warming up of the planet earth 's climate too , which was somehow related to the [ agenda of ] Bonn Conference , America had relentlessly demonstrated its paradoxical [ as published ] [ controversial ] position and particular stance opposed to that of other developed states by her previous abandonment of the Kyoto Protocol .
American delegates at the conference maintained that any restriction or ban on the sale , possession , and carrying of light armaments was practically the same as limiting the freedom of action [ as published ] of American citizens , and equal to reducing their margin of security .
In the remarks made by these political leaders , one point is interesting and calls for reflection : if these leaders reject the interference of others in the condition and destiny of the poor nations , while present themselves legitimate and competent to make far reaching decisions for them , then it must be said that they are only the elected [ leaders ] of their own nation [ people ] , and this does not entitle them to act as representative or legal attorney of all people worldwide !
[ Sentences are as published ] The most important of the three conferences , which subsequently gained even more prominence , was the conference in Genova ; perhaps even more so for the results " not obtained " at the conference , and which led to the subsequent intense dissatisfaction and frustration of the leading industrial states attending the meeting .
This is while possessing arms for self-defense is itself a factor that breeds insecurity .
The governments attending the conference had a long and varied agenda , including : economic globalization , the anti-missile shield defense project , the Kyoto Protocol and environmental protection , the political and military crises in the Middle East , the Balkans , and Afghanistan , moratorium on the accumulated debt of the poor countries , and ... [ as published ] They meant to reach some form of agreement or understanding about those issues , but unexpected events left all that in limbo and uncertainty .
Jacques Chirac , the French President , responding to the protests leveled by opponents of globalization , had said : " They have no right to present themselves as defenders of the world poor ... "
During the past weeks Europe and America witnessed the arrangement of important international conferences , which could on the one hand guarantee the peace and stability of the world , or could instead deteriorate the conditions .
But paying heed was not tantamount to endorsement of the demand launched by those countries ; rather , the final result came out as a compromise solution and a relative back up by the majority group .
Similarly , Gerhard Schroeder , the German Chancellor , too had claimed that the participants at the summit meeting were the true , legitimate , and elected representatives of the people of their countries .
Even the eagerness for playing an intermediary role in the Middle East crisis has given rise to fierce competition between America , European Union , and Russia and China .
It was due to this isolation that America , in spite of discrediting [ undermining ] the Kyoto Protocol and declining to comply with the Bonn Conference [ resolution ] , was forced to at least make a promise to cooperate in preventing an increase in air pollution .
( It should be noted that the issues moved at the conference were declared unofficial and lacking validity [ legal force ] even for the participating countries . )
[ Exclamation mark as published ] In view of the criticisms , which have been made , they could perhaps be also considered to be the representative of powerful corporations that have placed the whole " world economy " under their influence , and as a result of that they are also controlling the world of politics globally .
When Italian police intervened and roughly handled the demonstrations , things got out of hand ; the already volatile situation reached boiling point , violent clashes broke out , and the killing of one protestor overshadowed all other issues .
The first was that large and numerous bodies of dissidents were opposing the wishes and interests of a small but powerful group .
That means Macedonia 's stability will depend on other organisations , including the OSCE .
" In the meantime , doubling the number of monitors should help put people 's minds at ease , " he said .
Macedonia has asked for more monitors , hoping they would help stop the country plunging into civil war between ethnic Albanian guerrillas and the Slav majority of the population .
OSCE ambassadors from the organisation 's 55 member states agreed to send the additional monitors after Russia lifted its objections to the beefed up presence .
Russia had slowed the decision , which was expected to have been announced a week before , raising concerns about their mandate in contrast with that of the NATO mission to collect weapons from ethnic Albanian rebels .
VIENNA , Sept 6 ( AFP ) - The Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe agreed Thursday [ 6 September ] to send 25 additional monitors in Macedonia , joining the 26 observers working to prevent a new Balkans war in the republic .
However , for Israel to take advantage of the US tragedy to claim that it is standing in one ditch with the United States against the violence of terrorism , this is a twisted logic .
Nobody who has a live conscience and human feelings , whether he is Palestinian or otherwise , could not have been moved by these events and expressed sympathy for the families of the US victims , regardless of the US political stances that are totally biased to Israel and Israel 's use of the most advanced US weapons to curb the Palestinian intifadah .
This is because the terrorist violence has struck innocent women and children and defenseless civilians .
The tragic and shocking events that shook the United States , destroying a number of its economic , urban , and military landmarks , have aroused grief and sorrow worldwide .
It is very important for the United States to realize the difference between the US and Israeli cases .
What is required of Israel is to withdraw , both on the military and settlement fronts , from the territories occupied in 1967 , and the United States should push its ally Israel in that direction .
Such a comparison would be theoretically valid if Israel withdrew from the occupied territories but the violence of terrorism against it continued .
The scenes of destruction reminded the Palestinian people of the ongoing devastation and the Palestinians who are falling victim to the Israeli acts of bombardment , targeted assassinations , and incursions into Palestinian towns and villages , including Bayt Jala , Gaza , Khan Yunus , Rafah , Janin , Tulkarm , Ramlallah , Jericho , Nabulus , and others .
This would put an end to sensitivities , hatred , and injustice and spread peace in the region and the world .
The Palestinians want nothing from Washington but to understand their cause and stand beside right and justice .
These people saw the majority of their security sites destroyed and the residential neighborhoods and apartment buildings parallel to the combat lines with the Israeli army and settlements in the West Bank and Gaza targeted by the Apaches helicopters and large-caliber artillery and machine guns .
If any people are going to be moved by the scenes of destruction that involved Manhattan , the World Trade Center , and the Pentagon , it is the Palestinian people .
This is because the Palestinians were , and still are , hoping that the Americans would realize , if they have not already realized , the justice of the Palestinian cause and the enormous injustice suffered by the Palestinians , who were expelled from their homeland , whose land was occupied , and who were deprived of the minimum political and human rights .
This is because Israel is an occupation state , one that is persecuting the Palestinians and denying them the right to exercise their national and sovereign rights .
While the world is busy following the news of the attacks on the US targets and feeling sorry for these acts , Israel carried out an incursion into Janin and the neighboring villages , bombarded more Palestinian internal security sites , demolished more homes in East Jerusalem , and killed an additional number of Palestinian activists and non-activists , including an 11-year-old girl .
For Spain , ( it 's ) the military forces attacking democracy .
But for the world , September 11 is a day that will mark the entire world , " Noble said .
The file said that Libya had demanded his extradition .
US authorities have asked Interpol to organize a police team specialized in identifying victims , they said , refusing to comment further on the status of Interpol 's collaboration , saying , " We do not want to do anything which could undermine FBI investigations . "
The 1998 warrant charged that Bin-Ladin , a Saudi billionaire housed as a " guest " in Afghanistan , was involved in the 1994 murder of two Germans in Syrte , Libya .
The force , based in Lyon , France , will work non-stop to " help to filter any information coming from Interpol country members , " Noble said .
For me , for my country , it 's the death of President ( John F. ) Kennedy .
Interpol will meet in Budapest from September 24-29 , where member countries will discuss methods of bringing those responsible for the attacks to justice , Espigares and Noble said .
The study also notes that the United States offered five million dollars ( 5.4 million euros ) to anyone who had information that could lead to Bin-Ladin 's arrest .
" There are moments in every nation 's history which are marked forever .
" He may walk with a cane , " the study says , noting that he speaks Arabic and " Southwest Asian countries and the Middle East are the places where he may travel around . "
The other warrant , from April 4 , 2000 , was drafted at the request of the US Government and includes a detailed description of the man who tops the US Federal Bureau of Investigation 's ( FBI ) most wanted list .
Merchant vessels have been warned to operate several miles off the coast to prevent being detected by rebels along the northeastern seaboard .
The navy craft had approached the small boat thinking it was in distress as an elderly man , a teenager and another person onboard had put up a white flag .
Pope 's visit to Kazakhstan promises to be a crowd-puller
We are grateful for the strong support expressed by the international community , particularly the SADC member states . "
Ramsamy also condemned last Tuesday 's terror attacks in the United States .
The people of the US are known for their strong sense of justice which will no doubt see them through this trying time and bring the culprits to book . "
" The SADC secretariat condemns unreservedly and in the strongest terms this act of terrorism , " he said .
" This signing sends a message to SADC of the importance with which the new US administration views regional integration in southern Africa , " US ambassador to Botswana John Lange , who is also the special representative of the US government to SADC , said .
" We learnt of the attacks with great shock and sorrow , " the ministers said .
Replying , Lange said : " The day September 11 , 2001 has become one of the worst days in American history .
Ramsamy also read a joint statement made on Thursday at the close of a meeting of SADC foreign and finance ministers in Blantyre , Malawi , labelling the terror attacks ghastly and barbaric .
" It was not only an attack on our global village , but the foundations of democracy .
" We strongly condemn this ghastly and barbaric act of terrorism and wanton destruction of property and the loss of innocent lives .
A young Arab chemical engineer contacted him the next day , he said , to ask him to act as an intermediary in the sale of the nuclear fuel from the Kozlodui nuclear power plant .
" There is no possibility of legally selling the nuclear waste .
The head of the nuclear energy department at Bulgaria 's energy agency separately said he could not imagine a terrorist organisation making a bomb out of products from the reactors at the Kozlodui power station .
The businessman said he turned down an offer of a 200,000 dollar commission for the sale .
Beijing authorities are expected to take advantage of a large religious meeting slated for October 14 in Beijing to develop the possibility of setting up formal relations with the Vatican , according to the report .
Chang 's remark came in response to a foreign wire report that mainland China and the Vatican are preparing to bridge their differences and may even pave the way for full diplomatic relations .
Taipei , Sept. 26 ( CNA ) -- It is unlikely that the Vatican will establish diplomatic ties with mainland China any time soon , judging from their differences on religious issues , Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( MOFA ) spokeswoman Chang Siao-yue said Wednesday .
The MOFA spokeswoman affirmed that from the angle of Eastern and Western cultural exchanges , the sponsoring of similar conferences will be instrumental to mainland Chinese people 's better understanding of Catholicism and its contributions to Chinese society .
As for the development of diplomatic relations between mainland China and the Vatican , Chang noted that differences between the Beijing leadership and the Holy See on religious issues dates from long ago , so it is impossible for the Vatican to broach this issue with Beijing for the time being .
Chang also reaffirmed the solid and cordial diplomatic links between the Republic of China and the Vatican .
" The ROC government will be with the US government firmly . "
Chen again voiced his condolences to the families of the thousands of Americans killed when hijacked planes plunged into the New York World Trade Center and Pentagon on September 11 .
Washington has remained the biggest arms supplier to Taiwan despite switching diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing in 1979 .
Taiwan " would not stand idly by " because " the attacks were not only a challenge to the US but also a disruption of peace for mankind , " Chen said in a statement released by the presidential office .
Chen 's remarks came as the US was massing forces to launch reprisals against Afghanistan , where the prime suspect Usama bin Laden is believed to be in hiding .
Since his inauguration last year , Bush has backpedalled from his predecessor Bill Clinton 's policy of engagement with China .
Taiwan 's Foreign Minister Tien Hung-mao had vowed to back the US in fighting terrorism saying Taiwan had " no option " but to do so , despite a lack of diplomatic ties between Taipei and Washington .
TAIPEI , Sept 26 ( AFP ) -- Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian on Wednesday reiterated Taipei 's full support for the United States as Washington prepared to launch reprisals against Afghanistan .
" On behalf of the government and people of the Republic of China ( Taiwan 's official name ) , I would like to extend our full support to the George W. Bush administration in its any decision and act against terrorists , " Chen said while meeting Oregon governor John Kitzhaber .
In April Bush approved the biggest US arms package to Taiwan since 1992 .
He was criticized more than recognized for his policy .
Feeling like a true ally , he was able to ask for a place for Russia almost inconspicuously - in NATO .
Although these are sovereign states , and the final decision would have been in their hands , people familiar with the actual balance of power indicate that these states would have done nothing , had Moscow wanted a different thing to happen .
Nevertheless , this amounts to such high degree of Russian-American cooperation in a wartime situation , the two sides have never attained during the past 10 years .
Nevertheless , one could not fail taking note of the fact that in the same response the United States called upon the Chechens to " unconditionally and without delay to terminate every contact with international terrorist groups , " and that they accept Putin 's offer to make peace .
The military great power that towers over Afghanistan has committed itself to overthrow the ruling Taliban system , and has pledged to support the US " anti-terrorism military operation " now being prepared .
One can not underestimate the significance of the fact that Russia has opened its airspace .
If we view this warning against the background that Putin 's government has always seen Usama Bin Ladin 's hands behind " Chechen terrorism , " we were witnessing a late recognition of Moscow 's views .
Putin has no greater desire than to present to the West the Chechen independence movement as a chapter of " international terror . " He did not succeed with that so far .
After the Americans had promised everything good and nice , Putin remarked almost as an aside that the events in Chechnia " could be interpreted only in the context of the struggle against international terrorism . "
He argued that had the West not continued to keep alive during the past several years the Cold War stereotype of a threat from the East , but would have concentrated instead on terrorism , the common enemy , the twin towers of New York may not have collapsed .
But making this complex decision was not easy for him .
In reality , Putin asked for a free hand regarding Chechnia , some understanding , or even that the Americans look the other way .
Reformers told Putin all along that he should take advantage of " the rare opportunity for ( Russia ) to become integrated with the civilized world . "
He wanted to become an ally , and that 's what he has become .
True , Putin only permitted ( Americans ) to deliver via Russian airspace aid to the " theater of the anti-terrorism military operations , " ( i.e . not soldiers and weapons ) .
The situation in which Putin has agreed to open former Soviet military airfields to American armed forces in three ( former Soviet ) Central Asian countries could be regarded as dramatic .
At this time however , he taught a lesson to the Americans .
Accordingly , Russia has joined the anti-terrorist coalition of the United States virtually without reservation .
In the end , a certain consideration that differed from the above two proved to be decisive .
Putin has exceeded the " positive neutrality policy " his country ( the Soviet Union at the time ) has pursued during the Gulf War , and whose continued validity the military leaders also regarded as desirable .
" Accordingly , at this time it is your turn to think , " Putin said .
Today , at the threshold of expansion , it is no longer a joke .
Putin has written the name of Moscow on the registration page of the American side .
In Berlin , where he was the center of stormy celebration , he vindicated for himself the deeper truth that may be seen behind terror .
After Putin 's statement they rubbed their palms at length .
Leaders of the United States probably withheld their breath Monday evening while watching on television what Russian President Vladimir Putin was about to say to his people .
And Putin has established the prospect of taking further steps in this regard .
Putin did not receive what he sought in a quick response from Washington , namely , that the State Department would continue to encourage political dialogue between Moscow and the Chechen insurgents .
This would have been a joke only yesterday .
It amounted to much more than what one could have expected .
The Russian President has understood this American recognition .
But main stream Russian military policy has been to keep a distance from America , the country that has been historically responsible for " educating " the Taliban that had caused the demise of Soviet occupation forces in Afghanistan .
" March appears to be a more reasonable estimate while earlier admission can not be entirely ruled out , " according to Chen , also Taiwan 's chief WTO negotiator .
The vice minister said Taiwan 's service industry was unlikely to sustain an excessive impact as it has been largely opened to private and foreign participation .
Instead , service ventures in the financial , transport and telecom sectors should benefit from the introduction of advanced skills and expertise from abroad , he added .
Taiwan-made products stood a good chance of becoming even more competitive thanks to wider access to overseas markets and lower costs for material imports , he said .
However an expected increase in farm imports would certainly have an impact on the domestic agricultural sector , he said .
TAIPEI , Sept 27 ( AFP ) -- Taiwan is expected to officially become a full member of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) in March 2002 , Vice Minister of Economic Affairs Steve Chen said Thursday .
After having secured the approval of a working panel in Geneva , Taiwan 's entry has yet to be ratified at the WTO 's ministerial meeting set for Qatar in November and then undergo parliamentary deliberation at home , he said .
" Many people have been arrested in the past weeks , including suspected separatists and criminals , " said an official at the minority religious affairs bureau in Kashgar , Xinjiang , China 's furthest west city .
Another official said Thursday the main expert on Xinjiang from the US embassy in Beijing had been dispatched to the region to discuss regional attitudes to the devastating terror attacks on the US two weeks ago and to Afganistan 's ruling ultra-Islamic Taliban regime .
" They were talking about China 's 'development of the West ' program , China 's policies on minority nationalities , our opinions on the September 11 attack and the Taliban forces , " she said .
She stressed the atmosphere in Kashgar , an ancient city along the historic Silk Road , was peaceful , although tourism and border trade in the region had been affected by the security situation .
Authorities are only too aware that Kashgar is 4,000 kilometres ( 2,500 miles ) from Beijing but only a tenth of the distance from the Pakistani border , and are desperate to ensure instability or militancy does not leak over the frontiers .
BEIJING , Sept 27 ( AFP ) - China has arrested a number of suspected separatists in its territory bordering Afghanistan and Pakistan as part of a security clampdown ahead of possible US military strikes in the region , local officials said Thursday .
In neighboring Hetian city , a hotbed of Muslim separatists in the impoverished southern part of Xinjiang that also borders Pakistan , the situation was also " peaceful " , said an official at the city 's foreign affairs office .
Foreign ministry spokesman Zhu Bangzao said Tuesday China would take " all necessary measures " to ensure the stability of its border regions ahead of any US retaliatory strikes .
China has been keeping a particularly close eye on the situation in Xinjiang as expectation mounts the US will launch military action against Afghanistan , home to the suspected mastermind of the terror attacks , Osama bin Laden [ Usama Bin Ladin ] .
There have been a series of bomb blasts in recent years in Urumqi and Beijing , linked to Xinjiang separatists seeking to establish an independent state of East Turkistan .
He also said increasing troop movements had been seen at night around Kashgar , but was unsure where they were going or what their orders were .
However , the foundation warned that the number of pirate attacks , in the new form of sea jacking ships for ransom , has been increasing .
A prevailing view is that these piracy attacks are actually committed by anti-government guerrillas amidst mounting political unrest . "
In the past decade , despite its stagnating economy , Japan has still put space exploration as a top priority item in its space program .
This is the goal set by the Japanese .
In order to compete with the United States , Europe , and China , Japan decided to drastically reduce its costs , especially in every aspect of rocket design and manufacture .
The Japanese aerospace industry has an ambitious plan to explore the planets .
This milestone puts Japan 's aerospace development program back on track .
Japan also has a relatively strong aerospace industry .
However , things did not go according to plan .
Japan also has a huge space power plant plan .
This program not only puts Japan in the lead in providing new mobile communication services in the Asia-Pacific region , but also allows Japan to test some new satellite communication techniques to be introduced worldwide .
Furthermore , it set priorities for the next five years .
The Japanese aerospace community takes a great deal of pride in this achievement .
Japan wishes to build a $ 21 billion per year aerospace industry centered on commercial satellite development .
Japan is determined to become a major power in aerospace .
But , Koizumi has not changed his plan to visit the Marco Polo Bridge , the site of the 1937 clash that led to an eight-year war between Japan and China , and a nearby museum commemorating China 's anti-Japanese movement , they said .
There is a real danger that the wounded but not yet eliminated network will play its " trump card " and commit further acts of terrorism .
In the battle against the new forms of terrorism that reached a tragic culmination on 11 September , a limited form of military violence could also not be ruled out .
But we had no choice .
The whole operation against terrorism can have positive but also unintentionally negative effects on the international stage .
The attacks on targets in Afghanistan that began yesterday [ 7 October ] , remain a risky enterprise .
The coming days will reveal whether or not they were effective , were sufficiently precisely targeted and limited in scope .
Military violence constitutes -- in very exceptional circumstances -- a necessary evil in this very imperfect world .
The many and often confusing reports we have received over recent weeks on who may be responsible for the attacks already allows a clear pattern to be detected .
A strategy that worldwide must include both a degree of repression but most importantly constructive and positive measures .
They took pains to build a broad coalition , and tried to make it clear to their own population and the international community that the enemy is not Islam but a very well defined and perverse interpretation of this religion .
The economic impact of the 11 September attacks was already disastrous , with clear effects on the world economy , hitting the poorest countries by far the most .
The fight against the new , transnational terrorism requires an exceptionally broad and committed strategy .
And they placed the stress on the battle of endurance that must follow .
But they can not be any real talk of success until the broad strategy against terrorism begins to bear fruit .
To have sat back with arms folded would have made us all hostages .
That is a clear condition for this first , unavoidable phase in the battle against terrorism to be humanly acceptable .
That is a bitter pill to swallow in a thoroughly non-militaristic society such as ours , where the clash of weapons provokes healthy reactions of repulsion .
Without armed violence the Nazi regime and similar forces that had the wind in their sails in Europe in the 1930s , would not have fallen .
But unfortunately there is little one can do about it .
But to build this strategy , targeted attacks on the infrastructure available to Bin Ladin were necessary .
The network with which Usama Bin Ladin and his followers tried to destroy the very foundations of the West has ramifications worldwide , vast amounts of money , and thanks to the Taliban regime in Afghanistan also a number of excellent training and attack bases .
The United States and its principal allies have acted with exceptional caution over recent weeks to the unbelievable provocation of the 11 September attacks .
Whatever the case , we are entering a difficult period .
The CEPD head , however , pointed out that it is still too early to comment to what extent the war would affect the local economy now that it is impossible for it to regain momentum by the end of this year .
Since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks against the United States , countries across the world have been closely monitoring subsequent developments and have taken measures to cope with possible situations , Wu said , noting that short-term pains will eventually pass and everyday life will get back to normal soon .
Wu Hui-lin , a researcher at Change Hua Institution for Economic Research , however , predicted that business conditions in the world market would rebound very robustly in the short term , as the new hi-tech war will not last long and " high-risks will bring about high investment returns . "
Wu said optimistically that " it is unnecessary to wait until next year for the recovery to take place " on the ground that " vast damage will produce opportunities for construction . "
Since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in New York and Washington , investors across the world have been mired in uncertainties , Chen said , adding that should the war against Afghanistan not spread too much , the impact on the global economy will be limited .
Taipei , Oct. 8 ( CNA ) -- The United States military action in Afghanistan will help spur global investment sentiment by brushing aside many uncertain factors , Council for Economic Planning and Development ( CEPD ) Chairman Chen Po-chih said Monday .
The PRL [ Liberal Reform Party ] and the PSC [ Christian Social Party ] opposition party continue to support the strikes but criticize the fact that the humanitarian operations are taking place alongside them .
The carrying out of the operations in Afghanistan and their mistakes have caused unease in the ruling majority 's ranks in Belgium .
For the PS [ Socialist Party ] , Senator Jean Cornil still supports them , while being increasingly critical .
Ecolo and Agalev [ ecologist parties ] are asking for the ending of the bombing of Afghanistan .
" For continued world economic development and growth , security architecture is important .
SHANGHAI , Oct 16 ( AFP ) - Malaysian Foreign Minister Syed Hamid Albar warned Tuesday that prolonged military attacks on Afghanistan could destabilise the Islamic world and reiterated calls for the US to end the campaign quickly .
Islamic countries are with the US in combatting terrorism but we do n't want it to be prolonged because it can create trouble and instability all around the Islamic world , " he said .
This is not the conventional security but it is internal and we must look at terrorism and its sources , " he said .
" Over the long term , we have to look at how terrorism manifests itself and have an international convention where terrorism is properly defined and where it is considered as a crime against humanity so there can be a proper tribunal . "
" One can not be too philosophical or idealistic about civil liberties when they can jeopardise peace and security , law and order in a country . "
Syed Hamid said critics must also accept that the war against terrorism could affect civil liberties .
The declaration was necessary because terrorism was the " most dangerous enemy of law-abiding citizens and an affront against law and democracy " , Syed Hamid said .
" If it goes on , we are worried .
" We hope it can be ended as soon as possible , " Syed Hamid told AFP in an interview here ahead of a ministerial gathering of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) forum .
Predominantly Muslim Malaysia supports the US hunt for terrorists but opposes the attacks on Afghanistan .
" We are worried that Islamic states like ourselves that support the US efforts , ultimately the population will rise against us , seeing all these innocent people being killed ...
The summit is set to issue an anti-terrorism declaration at the conclusion of the largest gathering of world leaders since the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon .
Mahathir has urged the United Nations to convene an international meeting on terrorism .
Opposition groups in Malaysia have expressed concern that the government of Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad is using the US-led war on terror as a pretext to crack down on legitimate dissent .
" At the moment the focus is on Taliban and Osama bin Laden , but after that what happens ?
we do n't want the war to be seen or to be perceived as a war against Islam . "
Syed Hamid said the international community must deal with terrorism rationally and form a new " security architecture " to combat what he described as a " new dimension of crime against humanity " in the long term .
" There are no such forces on the border with Uzbekistan .
Dostum said he intends to serve in the future Afghan government , representing ethnic Uzbeks .
He also denied reports that the Taleban had concentrated large forces near the border with Uzbekistan .
Dostum also favoured a possible return of Afghanistan 's former King Mohammad Zaher Shah .
Moreover , Taleban fighters " not stained with blood " could be in this government , too , he said .
An increase in the extraction was possible thanks to the company 's active investment policy which has been conducted since 2000 , the press service says .
The US official told reporters traveling with Powell en route to Shanghai for an APEC meeting that he unequivocally denied the Washington Post report that said the Bush administration was considering such a move , specifically to allow sales of spare parts for mainland Chinese-owned helicopters as another weapon in the US war on terrorism .
In his view , Kao said the cross-strait balance of military power is critical to the ROC 's national security .
" We believe in the sincerity of the United States in promising not to mix up its counter-terrorism drive with the Taiwan Strait issue , " Kao said , adding that relevant US officials have on many occasions reaffirmed similar commitments to the ROC .
Kao said US President George W. Bush 's trip to Shanghai is mainly to attend the annual informal leadership meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) forum to seek expansion of the anti-terrorism coalition .
Against this backdrop , Kao said , the ROC government is optimistic about defense cooperation with the United States .
Kao said several senior Bush administration officials , including Secretary of State Colin Powell , has also made reassurances that the United States would not seek mainland China 's support for the anti-terrorism campaign at the expense of Taiwan .
The Post quoted US officials as saying the White House was considering a waiver of sanctions imposed after the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown in Beijing to allow the sale of parts for Black Hawks that Washington sold to mainland China in the 1980s .
18 ( CNA ) -- The Republic of China government believes in the US commitment to separating its anti-terrorism campaign from the Taiwan Strait issue , a senior Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( MOFA ) official said Thursday .
Noting that the United States has consistently attached great importance to Asia-Pacific regional stability and security , Kao said the robust US arms sales package to Taiwan struck in April this year signifies that the United States is serious about security in the region .
Prior to his departure for Shanghai , Bush said during his meeting with mainland Chinese President Jiang Zemin , he will reaffirm to Jiang the US support for the " one China " policy as well as its desire to see a peaceful solution to all disputes between the two sides of the Taiwan Strait .
Stanley Kao , director of MOFA 's North American Affairs Department , made the remarks amid mounting concerns about the possibility that the United States could compromise Taiwan 's interests in exchange for mainland China 's cooperation in the current US-led war on global terrorism .
" There 's no such sale or waiver contemplated , " he said .
Afghanistan is now under US bombardment for refusing to hand over the chief suspect in the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington , Saudi-born dissident Osama bin Laden [ Usama Bin Ladin ] .
Meanwhile , a foreign wire service report from Shanghai quoted a senior US Department of State official as saying Wednesday that the Bush administration has no plans to ease sanctions against mainland China .
Commenting on a Washington Post report that the Bush administration was considering waiving sanctions that bar sales of military-related equipment to mainland China , Kao said MOFA is trying to obtain more information about the report .
" Just avoid that one for now .
Defence Minister Sydney Sekeramayi declined to comment on the allegations of sanctions busting and the massing of guns at army bases around the country .
The arms embargo was imposed on Harare last year by Europe and the United States on President Robert Mugabe 's government because of its appalling human rights record .
Opposition supporters would also be harassed and ejected out of the rural areas to disable them from voting in their constituencies .
The sources said the war veterans will operate from these bases , their main objective being to make it impossible for the MDC to campaign in rural areas .
Most of the guns have been arriving secretly at Suri Suri airbase in Chegutu before they are distributed to other military bases and some will be sent to farms where self-styled war veterans have established bases to intimidate voters .
This had forced the army to implement some unpalatable measures , including the grounding of most of its entire fleet of Hawk fighter aircraft due to Britain 's refusal to sell spare parts .
The two said they had no knowledge of the arrival of French arms in the country but said France sold arms to several African countries which could in turn re-sell them to other countries .
These arms can in turn be re-sold by those other countries , " said Sautier , adding that there was also the possibility of illegal arms trafficking outside the authority of the French government .
" We have been left with no alternative but to buy some weapons via our allies in the DRC who have access to some of these European weapons that we have preference for . "
The opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) said in a statement that ZANU PF supporters who smashed MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai 's vehicle and thwarted his planned meeting with his party 's structures in Sanyati last week were armed with guns .
A senior government official said : " I sympathize with those who want change in the presidential elections but judging by the groundwork that ZANU PF is doing to deal with the opposition , I am afraid to say that I do n't see that change coming . "
Virtually all European Union member states have severed ties with Zimbabwe and imposed an arms embargo on the country .
The investigations show that Zimbabwe is importing and massing an assortment of guns at army bases around the country in preparation for the poll , which is expected to be violent .
I am not going to comment on that one , " Sekeramayi said yesterday before immediately cutting off his telephone .
The first secretary at the Namibian High Commission in Harare , Mati Jose , said he had no knowledge of Namibia helping Zimbabwe to bust the arms embargo while the DRC 's ambassador to Zimbabwe Mawapanga Mwanananga could not be reached for comment .
The sources say Zimbabwe , after the massive depletion of its armoury because of its participation in the three-year-old DRC war , has been finding it extremely difficult to replenish its arms stocks because its traditional and cheaper arms suppliers in Europe are refusing to sell it arms .
They said they did not know whether this was the case with Zimbabwe .
The head of the Spanish Government , Jose Maria Aznar , told Argentine President Fernando de la Rua that Spain has absolute confidence in Argentina 's economy , and that Madrid has placed a " strategic bet " on Argentina overcoming its economic crisis , said official sources in Spain .
Rato explained the macroeconomic measures that were applied in Spain to De la Rua , at a time when the Argentine Government is aiming for a zero deficit .
He is expected to give Koizumi Musharraf 's letter implicitly asking for Japan 's debt relief for Pakistan .
President Khatami , for his part , highlighted a collective quest by OPEC member states to stabilize oil prices at a reasonable level .
Elsewhere in his remarks , Khatami lashed out at the recent US-led attacks on Afghanistan , and voiced Iran 's displeasure with developments in the war-ravaged country .
He is scheduled to leave Tehran Sunday evening for Moscow to follow up his deliberations on the same subject with Russia as one of the most important non-OPEC oil producing countries .
He reiterated OPEC 's concern to ensure the interests of producers and consumers , and pledged for cooperation among the members of the organization to protect producers ' interests and bring price stability to world oil markets .
Speaking at a meeting with his Iranian counterpart President Mohammad Khatami , Chavez recalled the looming recession in world oil markets following the September 11 terrorist attacks on the U.S. , and remarked that cooperation among OPEC member states , particularly the Islamic Republic is a must to secure their interests .
Tehran , Oct 21 , IRNA -- Visiting Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez here Sunday underscored the need for coordinated efforts among members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) to keep oil prices at a 'fair ' level .
He reiterated the need to set up a coalition government in Afghanistan comprising all Afghan groups to reinforce stability .
Khatami and Chavez agreed that 'Dialogue Among Civilizations ' could serve to mitigate clashes of civilizations and would also ensure a durable peace .
He further called on non-OPEC oil producers to cooperate with the organization to alleviate existing concerns over falling oil prices .
President Khatami , in a telephone conversation with President Chavez last week , called on member states of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) to join hands to prevent a steep fall in oil prices .
The Venezuelan president was officially welcomed at Mehrabad International Airport by Minister of Mines and Metals , Eshaq Jahangiri .
Israel 's persistent and deliberate fuelling of the cycle of violence in the Palestinian territories is pushing our already turbulent region towards inevitable chaos and war .
And therefore , it has blatantly obstructed all international , US , European , and regional efforts to consolidate an Israeli-Palestinian ceasefire as a prerequisite for the implementation of the Mitchell and Tenet recommendations .
The US expects its friends to provide it with understanding , cooperation and full support in confronting the perpetrators of the devastating attack on its centres of economic and military power .
Many observers inside and outside the region had rightly feared that Israel would callously exploit the Sept. 11 tragedy in the US to intensify and accelerate its aggression against the Palestinians and crush their efforts towards claiming their legitimate rights to freedom and independence .
This behaviour further confirms what has long been very clear ; the government of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is more interested in pursuing its expansionist designs on occupied Palestinian and Arab land than in engaging in serious peace-making -- a route that would require its unreserved commitment .
Sharon 's likening of his invasion of Palestinian territories and the assassinations to the US-led war against the Taleban and Osama Ben Laden is abhorrent .
Sharon 's deceptive ploys can not negate the fact that President Yasser Arafat and the Palestinian National Authority have and are still , even while under attack , doing their utmost to demonstrate their unambiguous commitment to stop violence , maintain the ceasefire , and get back to negotiations .
Its self-seeking manipulation of the tragedy , which , if Tel Aviv has not noticed , has affected every corner of the earth , adds yet another burden upon Washington .
Instead , it opts for brute force in dealing with a crisis , the exit from which , can only be achieved by the resumption of peace talks on the basis of the Mitchell report and the Tenet understandings .
There is an evident international resolve to put an end to the Arab-Israeli conflict in all its aspects .
As the entire world is engaged in handling one of the most serious crises of our time , it is about time that Sharon and his government realise that predatory behaviour will not be tolerated for long .
But instead of reciprocating , Israel , the state that since its creation has benefited most from US protection and backing , has turned out to be a fair-weather friend .
The calls from Washington and London for the just and legitimate realisation of Palestinian statehood as part of such a settlement , should be viewed by the Israeli leadership as a guarantee of Israel 's peace and security , but continued violence and aggression , as history has shown time and again , is a recipe for disaster .
The Sharon government is doing exactly that , in total disregard and utter defiance and disrespect of advice from Washington and London , as well as other governments , for restraint and a quick return to the negotiating table .
The forum attracted wide attention both at home and abroad , as China is to be admitted into the WTO at the forthcoming new round of WTO multilateral trade talks in Doha , Qatar , in November .
He suggested that the six major risks China will confront include the development of medium-sized and small enterprises , and the setting up of a sound social security system and a society ruled by law .
Experts said the Chinese economy will have tremendous opportunities after China 's entry to the WTO , while it will also face many challenges which will require accelerated and profound reform in enterprises , the financial system and social security .
" Relations with Venezuela are important for Russia , and twice as important considering the fact that at present Venezuela is the chairperson at OPEC , " President Putin said .
He thanked the Russian leader for meeting him immediately after his return from the Shanghai summit and the visit to Dushanbe .
He reiterated his " friendship and Venezuela 's enormous interest in maintaining relations with Russia . "
" I never thought we would meet so soon , " Chavez said .
It is taking place at the time , when ever more OPEC members begin to support the idea that oil production should be reduced again , in order to stop the continuing decline of the prices of hydrocarbons on the world market .
In his turn , President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela expressed gratitude to Putin " for the generosity of his soul . "
This is why the current meeting with the leader of the country , which is the OPEC chairperson now , is going to be interesting , he added .
He said in this connection that Russia supported the keeping of oil prices " within the just range . "
He stressed he was especially satisfied with the fact that " the Russian-Venezuelan dialogue has become stable and dynamic . " In his opinion , this is a positive factor , especially from the point of view of ensuring stable oil supply on the world market .
The Kyoto Protocol was agreed upon by 160 countries under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) .
Amman -- Jordan , bound by environmental clauses in the Free Trade Agreement ( FTA ) with the US , is currently mulling over signing the Kyoto Protocol on global warming even though Washington turned down the protocol six months ago .
Asked whether signing the Kyoto Protocol will affect Jordan and US efforts to upgrade the Kingdom 's environmental framework , Tbeishat said that signing the protocol will have a " positive " outcome on Jordan .
He announced the government 's intentions to sign the Kyoto treaty on Sunday during a workshop on climate change , organised by the ministry and the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) .
Certain steps have to be taken with regard to this objective -- including signing the Kyoto deal , he said .
He explained that both the US and Jordan have different issues to deal with on a national level , including environmental issues .
After the Clinton administration signed the Kyoto Protocol in November 1998 , the new Bush administration overturned the decision last April , as the US was facing a faltering economy and rising energy prices .
Having clauses on the protection of environmental and labour rights in the body of the FTA does not stop the government from signing environmental agreements refused by the US , according to Minister of Municipal and Rural Affairs and the Environment Abdul Razzaq Tbeishat .
Under the agreement , industrialised nations must reduce their emissions of greenhouse gases by an average of 5.2 per cent ( from 1990 levels ) from between 2008 to 2012 .
He explained to The Jordan Times that " in Jordan , we conclusively believe that development can not be achieved unless the environment is protected . "
In 1992 , Jordan signed the UN Climate Change Convention that compels nations to curb global warming , which is blamed on gases produced by factories and cars that burn fuel .
" But here , we are a developing country and we care about having clean industry ... the whole world knows our position , [ which is ] to achieve sustainable development . "
Meanwhile , the Sudanese charge d'affaires to Washington , Ambassador Al-Khidr Harun , told Suna that the American delegation will meet with Sudanese political forces to identify viewpoints on the peace issue .
Indidis appealed to the public to assist the police with information that might lead to the re-arrest of the prisoners .
" I do n't know how many there are or where they are or what their condition is , " he said .
This tactic is no more than an improved carbon copy of the style of " divide and rule . "
Talking about it and about its possible use are several months old and , more exactly , they have been going on since the Israeli Government headed by Ari'el Sharon came to power about nine months ago .
The core of the matter lies in a just and acceptable political framework that Israel is supposed to approve and participate in to put a final end to the occupation and to the settlement construction activities .
It is not implementing an immediate and total withdrawal -- as demanded by the international community as a whole and the United States in particular -- but a phased and partial withdrawal .
Such a political framework would lay the firm foundations for a comprehensive peace based on justice and recognition of the legitimate national rights of the Palestinian people .
The inevitable result of this tactic -- if it succeeds in temporarily calming down the situation -- is that it will take back conditions to their former state of tension after the withdrawals are completed from all the Palestinian cities .
This being the case , it would be better for both Israel and the Palestinians to have an immediate and parallel Israeli withdrawal from all the occupied parts of several Palestinian cities .
Israel says that it carried out this tactic in Bethlehem and Bayt Jala , or so it claims , and yesterday , it claimed that it carried out the same tactic in Qalqiliyah when the Palestinian security forces returned to the three centers that had been re-occupied by the invading Israeli forces .
Only such an immediate and parallel withdrawal would expedite the return to serious negotiations between the two sides based on the reference point of ending the occupation , ending settlement construction activities , and restoring the full inalienable rights of the Palestinian people .
The facts show that this Israeli tactic is new only in execution .
These days , the Israeli government is adopting a relatively new tactic regarding its plan to withdraw from the Palestinian cities and towns that it had re-occupied more than three weeks ago .
It actually reflects Israel 's determination not to deal with the Palestinian issue as one united and indivisible whole .
Israel seems to think that this tactic will circumvent the Palestinian move toward independence and will put an end to the Palestinian intifadah by surrounding the areas of tension and dealing with them separately .
Only such a peace can bring security and stability to all the parties without exception .
The core of the matter is not in the method that Israel is using to crush the Palestinian moves and confiscate the will of the Palestinian people for liberation and independence .
The Israeli Government hopes that this tactic would eventually lead to an integrated and total agreement when all its parts are put together to form a map of " cantons " that Israel envisions for the occupied Palestinian lands .
The rest of the city was reported to be calm however , with some schools reopening and authorities anxiously awaiting the arrival of a mediation team from the Organisation of African Unity ( OAU ) .
BANGUI , Nov 6 ( AFP ) - Gunfire broke out for a fifth day Tuesday in the capital of the Central African Republic , after Libyan military reinforcements were flown in to help government forces end a standoff by soldiers loyal to an ousted army chief .
The crisis in the Central African Republic began late Friday after soldiers loyal to sacked chief of army staff Francois Bozize exchanged gunfire with presidential guard units and government troops .
The country has been on edge since last May when mutinous soldiers attempted to overthrow Patasse , unleashing 10 days of fighting in the capital that left dozens of people dead and displaced thousands .
The shooting began after soldiers tried to arrest Bozize , a former close ally of Patasse who had been army chief since 1996 , in connection with large amounts of weapons discovered in the city , amid suspicions of an attack in preparation .
Prague -- The UN has confirmed to the Czech Republic the successful ratification of the Kyoto Protocol , the aim of which is to ensure the reduction of the so-called greenhouse gases , Environment Minister Milos Kuzvart told the participants in a UN conference on climatic changes in the Moroccan city of Marrakech yesterday .
The cycle of reoccupation-withdrawal-reoccupation is part of this approach , which is no secret to anyone .
It is also working to push the Palestinians and the world into new labyrinths and tunnels , inside the old tunnels , to distract them from the main and central demands .
The only way to peace lies in the full Israeli withdrawal from the Palestinian territories that were occupied in 1967 and the termination of the occupational and settlement presence in these territories .
The reoccupation was a kind of collective punishment for the inhabitants of those cities and the villages around them , villages that constitute an organic and vital extension of the cities .
The Israeli withdrawal was a correction of a mistake the Israeli Government made when it decided to reoccupy parts of the main West Bank cities following the assassination of Israeli minister Rehav'am Ze'evi .
It is also reflected in the fact that the ruling Israeli coalition has no agreed-upon political plan and that the settlement plans and initiatives that are attributed to this Israeli official or that are unable to meet the minimum legitimate Palestinian demands .
No other people in the world have seen such suffering .
This means that the suffering of the citizens in Ramallah , like the suffering of the citizens in Bethlehem , Bayt Jala , and Qalqilya , will continue on the roadblocks , affecting their medical , economic , educational , and social life .
That showed that the ruling right-wing coalition in Israel is pursuing an occupational policy and is not , in the first place , willing to recognize the firm national Palestinian rights to freedom , independence , and the end of occupation and settlement .
The way to peace does not lie in devious methods to circumvent the inalienable Palestinian rights .
Such methods would only complicate things and add fuel to the raging fire .
In its approach to the national Palestinian rights the Israeli Government is playing the cat and mouse game .
This policy , which disregards the need to establish a just peace based on the need for the Palestinian people to regain their freedom and independence , is reflected in statements made by the Israeli officials , who brag about the large number of Palestinians who were killed or arrested by the Israeli forces .
It is trying to use the time factor to perpetuate the occupation .
The main and perhaps only reason for this suffering is the continuing Israeli occupation and its heavy burden on Palestinian citizens .
These initiatives and plans largely try to keep as much hegemony and as many settlements as possible on Palestinian lands , resources , airspace , and crossing points .
In Xinjiang and Tibet , " the situation there is very good " said foreign ministry spokesman Zhu Bangzao .
" If there are problems out there it is the issue of separatists who want to undermine the situation , and a very important issue is the East Turkestan terrorists and the Dalai Lama separatist clique , " he told a press briefing .
" I adopt a two pronged approach .
Robinson said that among other issues she would bring up was the " widespread " problem of torture in China .
Afterwards , answering questions alongside co-signatory Vice Foreign Minister Wang Guangya , she made it clear measures to crack down on terrorism should not be used to justify rights abuses .
She specifically highlighted the situation of the ethnic Uighhur Muslim population of Xinjiang , China 's furthest west region , where rights groups have claimed a crackdown against separatists has been stepped up since the September 11 attacks on the United States .
Analysts have warned that however tough Robinson 's talk , international attention is probably too firmly focused on the anti-terror coalition , of which China is a part , to place much pressure on Beijing over human rights .
In anti-terror campaigns , " there must also be very clear boundaries and I am worried specifically about the Uighur population in Xinjiang , I am worried about the situation in areas like Tibet for example , which I wish to raise , " she said .
BEIJING , Nov 8 ( AFP ) - United Nations Human Rights Commissioner Mary Robinson began a visit to China on Thursday with a warning to her hosts not to use the war against terror as an excuse for repression .
However despite previous discussions " I have n't had as much progress on individual cases as I have wished to , " she added .
China has repeatedly said it is " a victim of terrorism " in Xinjiang , which borders Afghanistan , and there have been reports of Uighur activists being rounded up following the September 11 attacks .
One is to encourage this cooperation and the other is to express concerns about serious situations of human rights violations or shortcomings , that I will also do . "
That the fight against Xinjiang " terrorists " was part of the global anti-terror battle " should be very clear , no double standards should be pursued here , " he added .
China later denied there were abuses in Xinjiang and Tibet and said the real issue was separatists -- Uighurs who want an independent state of East Turkestan and Tibetans associated with the Dalai Lama -- taking advantage of the international crisis .
Any cooperation with China over rights issues would not blunt further criticism , she pledged .
Robinson told reporters in Beijing she would raise individual cases of prisoners as well as her concerns about the " widespread " use of torture in China and the treatment of people in the regions of Tibet and Xinjiang .
" I will also raise some individual cases and express concerns .
The former Irish president said she was concerned at " a worrying trend in a number of countries to use the excuse of combating terrorism to clamp down on freedom of expression and legitimate dissent which is not violent " .
Moscow , 9 November : Russia 's Defence Ministry has denied Taleban assertions that Russian officers are serving in the Northern Alliance .
Russian officers were not dispatched to Afghanistan either as unit leaders or as instructors , " the official added .
" Formations of the anti-Taleban coalition do not include officers of the Russian armed forces , " a high-ranking military official told Interfax on Friday .
" Russia has provided only military-technical assistance to the Northern Alliance and continues to do so .
OPEC is due to hold a meeting in Vienna on Wednesday to discuss the widely expected production cut .
United Nations , New York , Nov 11 , IRNA -- President Mohammad Khatami and his Venezuelan counterpart Hugo Chavez here Saturday cited cooperation among OPEC member countries as the key to forestalling further oil price declines .
Khatami is currently in New York to attend a special session of the UN General Assembly on 'Dialogue Among Civilizations ' to have an international convention on the theme approved .
Khatami , who had met with Chavez on the sidelines of a UN General Assembly session , also explained the ongoing Afghan crisis in the wake of the US-led strikes as well as the Islamic Republic 's stance on the September 11 terror attacks in Washington and New York .
He also described cooperation among OPEC and non-OPEC countries as a boost to their national interests .
Chavez voiced " the Latin American concern " on the ongoing crisis in the Middle East , saying Caracas was following the international stance on the fight against terrorism , violence and intrigues .
He also called for further expansion of bilateral cooperation between Tehran and Caracas in various international fields , such as OPEC and the Group of 77 ( G77 ) of the world developing countries .
The Iranian president also hailed Chavez 's recent efforts in travelling to OPEC and non-OPEC member countries , in a bid to garner support for propping up the sagging crude prices .
The United Nations designated 2001 , as the Year of 'Dialogue among Civilizations ' on President Khatami 's initiative .
He reiterated his call for a global peace coalition , based on justice , to stem the roots of terrorism .
" Forming a world-wide coalition based on peace and justice to eradicate the ominous phenomenon of terrorism is a must , " Khatami said .
Chavez , whose country currently heads the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , said that Venezuela 's recent efforts in the form of his whirlwind trips to OPEC and non-OPEC member countries , were in line with the interests of all the oil producing countries .
The environmental organisation warned the delegates at the conference that the principles of the WTO would be rendered worthless unless the meeting extracted the commitment from the US on Kyoto Protocol .
The Kyoto Protocol rejection by the US is in effect a hidden subsidy .
This is a breach of the very constitution of WTO .
He said Greenpeace looked forward to work in partnership with developing countries to get the proper assessment of the impact of the WTO instead of a new round of trade negotiations .
Then today , in Doha , they must condemn the US for allowing a hidden subsidy , which according to the US governments own figures is equivalent to between $ 76.7bn and $ 300bn by 2010 .
We are going to give a voice to people that you dont want to hear .
WE are not going to remain silent .
So , we will act very responsibly and I have given all guarantees to Sheikh ( Hamad bin Faisal ) al-Thani ( chairman of the organising committee ) that we would be responsible , peaceful and that we would act in a very constructive manner with them .
This is fundamentally unfair and unjust , Leipold said .
You can count on that .
And lets consolidate those safety nets before we jump into a new round .
But , he added that the Qatari government had neither sought nor was given any commitment by Greenpeace not to undertake demonstrations .
The WTO claims that it wants to protect the environment .
On board the Rainbow Warrior are nationalities from 18 countries , including witnesses from local communities who will testify to the adverse effects of WTO global policies .
If in six days time there has been no new round , this meeting will have been a success , because it will force the WTO to change , he said .
This is the only responsible course of action and it will be a historic success for Doha and we want this meeting to be a success .
Parmentier , however , did not say categorically that there would be street demonstrations .
Earlier , the Rainbow Warrior sailed into Doha on Thursday morning , to challenge the WTO to use the 4th ministerial conference to force the United States to commit to the Kyoto Protocol on climate change .
Parmentier urged the delegates not to even discuss the possibility of a new round of trade negotiations unless the US this week in Doha ratifies the Kyoto Protocol .
Answering another question , he said the WTO came to Qatar to hide from protestors .
Islands will go under , nations will vanish from the face of earth and millions of people will have to leave their homes .
You know us , said Remi Parmentier , the political director of Greenpeace International .
Parmentier said , on the one hand , the WTO claims to support sustainable development and environmental protection and on the other , it does virtually nothing to protect the environment .
But , he added that the Greenpeace is here to voice the concerns of millions of people .
Parmentier hoped the Qatari authorities would honour their commitment to allow free access to the people of the country to the ship and vice versa .
In 1993 , when the WTO was created everybody jumped without checking whether there was a proper safety net at the bottom .
Parmentier said they would use every possible peaceful means at our disposal to make sure that the voice of the people is heard .
What we are saying is , lets not jump again too quickly and lets check if there is a safety net .
He pointed out that Qatar , while presenting Dohas candidature to host the meeting , had made an official commitment that it would allow peaceful protests .
It just can not be that one country reaps all the benefits of mock globalisation but does not take any responsibility for the biggest global problem we are facing today .
And thats the meaning of the Rainbow Warrior being here .
He was responding to a question from Gulf Times whether there would be demonstrations during the WTO ministerial meeting , which opened in Doha yesterday .
And the people who are here are going to voice their concerns and voice their demands .
WTO decisions must not be allowed to overrule international environmental agreements ; the precautionary principle must be incorporated in decision-making , and patents on life must be banned , Parmentier added
Talking to the press , Greenpeace executive director Gerd Leipold said currently the most important issue is climate change .
If we continue to burn fossil fuel at the rate we are going today , we look at a bleak future .
They can run but they can not hide , he said .
" Mexico sought out the leading producers : Venezuela and Saudi Arabia , not only for the prices , but also because of the competition on the crude oil market ( in US territory ) , " he claimed , pointing out that prices have not yet fallen as low as they did then .
In terms of market , the Mexican exports do not play an important role , but the support for OPEC on the part of Mexico , Venezuela , and Saudi Arabia in 1998 and 1999 lent credibility to the policy of cutbacks , and achieved the recovery of prices .
Promises Are Cheap
The volume appears large in the current economic context , when oil prices have fallen back to 1999 levels .
Hence , the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , will decide at its meeting on Wednesday whether or not to cut its worldwide crude production in an effort to shore up energy prices .
And it is possible that , at some given time , OPEC may hand it the bill for not collaborating in the reduction of the oil supply . "
Energy Secretary Ernesto Martens has admitted that it is unfeasible to guarantee the flow of revenues to the government if the Finance Secretariat maintains its estimate that the crude export platform in 2002 will average 1.825 million barrels per day , at a price of $ 17.00 per barrel .
Miguel Garcia Reyes , a specialist in petroleum geopolitics at the College of Mexico , claimed that Mexico 's distancing from OPEC has become more intensified since the attacks on the United States .
Nevertheless , according to the researcher from the UNAM [ National Autonomous University of Mexico ] Economics Department , Angel de la Vega , since the Fox administration does not have the security of a fiscal reform available , it can not be ruled out that Mexico might collaborate with OPEC in the event of a more serious reduction in oil prices .
" The US authorities would not like to have it ( Mexico ) as a trading partner and , at the same time , close to OPEC , " he observed .
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries has agreed on three cuts in its production thus far this year , for the purpose of preventing the crude prices from becoming weaker .
Nevertheless , it has not kept its promises .
Miller remarked that the worldwide economic slowdown has shrunk the demand for energy sources , which could lead the independent producers , including Mexico , to operate in coordination with the oil cartel .
" One would have to talk in depth with the Finance Secretariat 's people to hear the criteria that they used to establish that benchmark , " he claimed , declining to give details on the manner in which the federal government 's secretariats establish the price of crude in the General Criteria for Economic Policy .
During September alone , this average dropped to 1.64 million .
He emphasized : " Now Mexico is positioned between two fronts : it recognizes the need for reducing the supply on the market , but the policy is to support the United States and supply it with more crude if it should become necessary . "
George Baker , director of Mexico Energy Intelligence , expressed this opinion : " In the event that the Mexican Government gives priority to its relationship with the United States , it will not be a game without risks .
He noted that the Mexican economy is very closely linked to that of the United States , and hence no oil producer , whether a member of OPEC or not , is in such a disadvantageous situation .
Frederic Lasserre , an energy sector analyst for the firm Societe Generale , held the view that Mexico 's close relationship with the United States prevents it from becoming more committed to OPEC .
In the General Preliminary Criteria for Economic Policy 2002 , the final text of which is being presented to Congress by the government today , the Finance Secretariat estimated an average price of $ 17.00 per barrel for the crude mixture , and predicted that the export platform would be 1.825 million barrels per day .
In fact , Martens admitted that this volume of crude exports has not been achieved this year .
Traditionally , Mexico has supported the OPEC cutbacks ; however , analysts agreed that it will now tend to support the United States , the main world consumer , and the one that would be adversely affected by a possible increase in crude prices .
With regard to prices , he gave a reminder that the reason that prompted Mexico to collaborate with OPEC in 1998 was , in fact , the decline in them .
Some diplomats raise questions about her priorities .
THE ABDUCTION of a French diplomat 's wife on Thursday has introduced a political dimension to the kidnap-for-ransom pestilence that has spread dramatically during the past 10 months .
But the seizure of the diplomat 's wife and her driver was the first time in 10 years that the gangs struck at members of the diplomatic community , whose immunity has been somehow respected by organized syndicates .
They think she is travelling too much , while internal problems sap the country 's energy , and that she has misplaced strategic priorities in her overseas visits .
The reasoning behind this perception is that if the gangs were after ransom money , it did not matter whether their victims belonged to the diplomatic community .
Some administration officials wonder whether she paints doomsday scenarios just to embarrass the administration and to portray the contrast in performance between the PNP under Lacson and the current PNP leadership , which has no love lost with Lacson .
Then President Joseph Estrada had to cancel visits to Paris and other European capitals in 2000 after he was told that he would receive a hostile reception from the European public over the lengthy impasse of negotiations for the hostages ' release .
We do n't need al-Qaida terrorist attacks in this country to bring the government down in turmoil , create uncertainties in the business community , and frighten tourists and investors away .
She has more dangerous enemies at home than elsewhere .
While Ang-See 's statistics , derived mainly from non-official sources , paint a grim picture , they should not be ignored .
The abduction , however , delivered a more devastating blow on the capacity of the Macapagal administration to crack down on kidnap syndicates than the grim statistics trotted out by Teresita Ang-See , the Chinese-Filipino anti-crime " crusader , " who has relished the role of Cassandra to the Philippine National Police under the new administration .
Since 1992 when organized crime became a leading preoccupation in the national agenda , the main victims of the predatory syndicates have been Ang-See 's compatriots in the Chinese-Filipino community .
The PNP , which believes it was a case of mistaken identity , could not explain why it took the gang two hours to know the identity of the lady .
At the same time , the PNP ca n't be burying its head in the sand and offering explanations all the time , rather than check the rise of kidnappings .
There is a strong perception in the diplomatic community that the abduction was a fake kidnap-for- ransom and was a political act to demonstrate the administration 's incapacity to put crime under control .
The diplomatic community 's perception of President Macapagal is that she is organized , knows her economics , does her homework , and has been unscathed by scandals that have been rubbed on her skin by a scandal-mongering opposition .
Her hoses have to be directed at internal terrorism .
A number of embassies here , including the American , French , German and Japanese , have issued advisories to their nationals warning them of risks when travelling in some parts of the country .
At the rate syndicates are abducting targets -- regardless of their ethnic identity and their diplomatic status -- with impunity , the administration faces a more serious and direct challenge to its capacity to govern from the specter of lawlessness than from the daunting problem of sparking an economic recovery amid the global economic downturn .
Since the members of the diplomatic community had previously been immune from the predatory attacks of the gang , the abduction of the diplomat 's wife naturally has generated anxieties among foreign governments about how safe their diplomats are in this country .
Whether the incident was plain holdup , as the PNP would like to see it , the abduction reinforced the growing perception in the diplomatic community and foreign governments that there is a breakdown in law and order and that the Macapagal administration is not in control .
The seizure sent alarm bells ringing in the diplomatic community in this country .
The advisories have been prompted by domestic lawlessness and political turbulence rather than by a possible outbreak of insidious terrorist attacks associated with al-Qaida and Osama bin Laden and provoked by the American military action in Afghanistan .
The fire is raging at home , these sources say , not in the United States , China , Japan or Afghanistan .
The details of the crime and the swift release are less important than the political implications .
The conventional explanation is that because of their wealth , they are the logical prey from which to extract ransom money -- a perverse form of nationalist racism and redistribution of national wealth .
The repercussions in the home governments and countries are as damaging as the prolonged hostage-taking by the Abu Sayyaf of French , German , Malaysian , Lebanese and Finnish nationals during the Estrada administration .
But the downside is that the deterioration of peace and order is her nemesis that is undoing all her diplomatic initiatives in the world stage to project the Philippines as a staunch ally in the US-led coalition in the war on international terrorism .
The perception is that there was a political message in the abductions staged by some groups that are determined to make this government fail .
This perception is also fueled by the crime statistics of Ang-See , who represents the pessimistic outlook in contrast to the more dismissive outlook of the PNP whose statistics are less alarming than those of Ang-See .
In the latter case , the blame for this fruitless effort belongs not to the stinginess of the US Government but rather to a mix of shortsightedness and irresponsibility among Argentine leaders .
An accord with the governors would be a clear sign that public spending was going to be brought under control where it is most out of control .
And the budget would have been a message from the political community at large , not just from the president and his top ministers , that the zero deficit program enjoys a consensus .
De la Rua waited anxiously until Saturday evening for his cabinet chief , Chrystian Colombo , to at least announce that an accord with the Peronist governors would be signed on Monday ( this would also have been a sign about the budget , because of the influence that the governors have over their provincial lawmakers ) .
As if not enough messages in this regard had been conveyed through a thousand different channels , the powerful head of the National Security Council , Condoleeza Rice , who is Bush 's chief adviser , put it bluntly in public remarks last Thursday that came close to representing interference in the country 's domestic affairs .
The Treasury Department , however , in spite of the good offices of its number two man , John Taylor , is still taking the cool approach towards Argentina that its head , Paul O'Neill , had adopted .
In this sort of crisis there can never be just one guilty party .
Rice even went so far as to mention the need for political leadership in Argentina to resolve its economic crisis .
The new federal pact will necessarily mean that those who won the elections will have to give up funding .
Domingo Cavallo was not at the meeting with Bush because his president , seeing that his hands would be empty , wanted to ignore economic issues at the summit .
The president , in turn , was supposed to give evidence of his ability to manage the conflict .
The Argentine Government wants fresh funds in order to reschedule its debt , funds that could come from the International Monetary Fund or the US Treasury itself .
President Fernando de la Rua , Economy Minister Domingo Cavallo The summit between George W. Bush and Fernando de la Rua may have changed many things , but it may also have changed nothing .
Argentina had to show the world that the decision to reschedule its public debt is not a default in disguise ; moreover , the success of the most recent economic plan is at stake .
Colombo called him up , but only to tell him that it had all been in vain .
Among US Government institutions , the State Department is the one most inclined to help Argentina , followed by the Security Council , albeit less enthusiastically .
The political accords reached in New York were noteworthy , because the Argentine Government supported all of the US Government 's present and future needs in the war in Afghanistan .
A less utopian wish is to get multilateral agencies , or some of them , to guarantee the Argentine offers to its creditors .
That sort of meeting would have lent a noteworthy twist to the Argentine case .
In spite of all this , our politicians did not meet either of the requirements that were described in detail from abroad : there had to be an agreement between the national government and the provinces in connection with revenue sharing , and Peronism also had to send a clear-cut message that it would help get the 2002 budget passed in Congress .
Argentine leaders , regardless of their leanings , were thus supposed to demonstrate their commitment to economic austerity and their determination to confirm and honor the institutional timetable of the De la Rua administration .
How could the United States be asked to do such a thing if Argentina was unable to show a modicum of internal political discipline in advance ?
Why put emphasis on economic issues , on the only area in which failure would be a foregone conclusion ?
The De la Rua administration has an even more urgent need : regardless of what might be said , Argentina needs the IMF to disburse as soon as possible more than $ 1.2 billion that is scheduled for December .
In either of these cases , Washington had to be convinced that Argentina deserved bailing out and then act accordingly .
It was also quite naive to think that Peronism would readily reach an agreement with a defeated administration .
The government is also paying the price for its delays in putting together a plan in the wake of its electoral defeat , with interest payments on the public debt maturing very soon as well .
He realized that nothing would come of a meeting whose demands had been clearly stated and then not met .
Argentina , which in recent days has again been making all of the world 's newspapers in the worst sort of way , had to fulfill these requirements because it needed to gain Washington 's active , not just verbal , support .
First off , Bush could have brought discipline to his administration in connection with the case of Argentina .
But those were the US needs .
The Argentine Foreign Ministry had previously stopped importuning Brasilia to have Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso and Argentine President De la Rua meet jointly with Bush , as they had agreed to do at the most recent meeting between the two countries in Sao Paulo .
The source added : " As an adviser , he could be very useful , but the relationship with Merrill Lynch bothers many other creditors . "
But it is evident that , during the past few weeks , the official has taken responsibility for a fundamental task : to tone down Cavallo 's tendency toward confrontation .
But those agencies are not putting their letterhead on anything .
Marx understands " the importance of the menu " for gaining the creditors ' good will .
On the other hand , for now , the creditors do not see any signals of concrete support from the G-7 .
As El Cronista was told by a source from an investment bank who followed the visit closely , that issue has various aspects : the economy minister 's gradual loss of credibility , the confusion about the role of Jacob Frenkel and Merrill Lynch , and the economic team 's apparent lack of a strategy , as well as the Alliance government 's obvious domestic difficulties .
A paper published yesterday by the CS First Boston bank noted : " The most recent statements from Washington suggest that it ( the G-7 support ) is unlikely , but we are not precluding the possibility of surprises . "
There were hours during which he had feverish contacts with international diplomats and leaders .
He spoke even more clearly about the finance secretary : " Marx is sufficiently patriotic , he has a pleasant personality , and he knows enough about the market to be a good negotiator .
The bankers made it clear that they prefer Daniel Marx , and not the minister 's confrontational style .
If he left now , it would be a disaster for the government , " was his response .
The foreign minister convinced the president of the political disadvantage that would be entailed by leaving that official aside , on the verge of complex dialogues with the US Treasury , and with multilateral and financing agencies .
The creditors have in mind a negotiation in which they would be represented by a more heterogeneous steering committee than during the 1980 's : not only large banks , but also portfolio administrators , pension funds , insurers , and other investors .
Among the latter there is consensus that there will be a remission of capital and/or interest , but there must be options that are geared to the situation of each one .
Rodriguez Giavarini 's management took place when there was a deluge of doubts about the sustainability of the plan announced by Cavallo .
Faced With the Crisis , Giavarini Accentuates His Influence
The first one , which was revealed piecemeal during the tour headed by Fernando de la Rua , is that Domingo Cavallo has become irritating .
Another concern about the negotiation has been generated by the leading role given to Jacob Frenkel , Merrill Lynch 's international vice president .
According to the source , " A key man is the finance secretary : he must specify the government 's fiscal margin . "
With the impression that the excursion of the government 's top brass to New York did not change the picture much , and that the game is continuing in Buenos Aires for now , Argentina 's creditors are preparing for the debt negotiation with various concerns in mind .
The minister 's current priority involves binding wounds opened by his colleague in the Economy Ministry , Domingo Cavallo , which have put the regional union in general , and the relations with Brazil in particular , in a risk zone .
The latter will be reached in the event that the international holders of Argentine bonds agree to swap the instruments , which yield high interest , for others with rates not exceeding 7 percent .
That conduct has heightened the suspicion aimed at Argentina , a disadvantageous situation , with De la Rua even risking his own future in an interview with the US president , George W. Bush , in which Cavallo ultimately did not participate , at the president 's order .
" Cavallo can not say 'take it or leave it , ' as in the local swap , " noted the source , as an example .
There were meetings at Olivos over the weekend of 3-4 November , which resulted in the official decision to appoint Marx as the main negotiator of the fine print in the agreements .
The creditors interpret strategy to mean a clear definition of what is and what is not negotiable .
In fact , the Emerging Markets Creditors Association ( EMCA ) , which meets today , Tuesday , in New York , to deal with the Argentine case , wrote a letter to Cavallo saying that " a consultation process is an important part of the solution , " and cautioning that " the way in which Argentina negotiates with its creditors now will have direct effects on its chances of gaining access to the markets in the future . "
The foreign minister warned De la Rua personally about the leap into the void that would be represented by leaving Marx out of the negotiations , when he is one of the few to have a smooth-flowing dialogue with the IMF staff officials .
" With the rapid spread of globalization and economic expansion , the situation for poor countries was deteriorating with each passing day , " Shen said .
United Nations , November 14 ( XINHUA ) -- It was unrealistic to envisage that people who were suffering from lack of development , poverty , hunger and poor health could fully enjoy their human rights , several delegations stressed Wednesday to the Third Committee ( Social , Humanitarian , Cultural ) of the 56th UN General Assembly .
" Underdevelopment had seriously hindered the capacity of developing countries to protect and promote human rights . "
" Promoting and strengthening human rights and democracy throughout the world was an integral part of the multilateral war on terrorism " .
They had to be protected from other scourges and social ills , including disease , narcotic drugs , armed conflicts , terrorism and other types of transnational organized crime , " it added .
The committee Wednesday opened a formal debate on human rights questions , including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms .
" There could be no expediency , no compromise , no lapse in vigilance , " he said .
" The second crucial element , maintaining international peace and security , was also emphasized as the Committee continued its debate on human rights questions , including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms , " it said .
" People should be at the center of social and economic development efforts .
The representative of Eritrea said globalization was not only threatening to further marginalize the developing world and alienate its masses , it was also hampering the ability to exercise the rights and duties enshrined in numerous international human rights instruments , including the right to development .
Representatives said that the right to development was one of two major preconditions to ensure the universal protection and promotion of human rights , a press release of the committee said .
The representative of the United States said that despite the horrors of the terrorist attack , the international community could not truly win the war against terrorism unless human rights were protected .
" Narrowing the development gap between countries was crucial to the realization of universal human rights , " said the representative of China Shen Guofang .
Briefing on the remarks by the representative of Thailand , it said : " Human rights and development were two sides of the same coin , and should be addressed in tandem . "
Karimov stressed that trade turnover between Uzbekistan and Japan in 2001 is expected to be quite good .
Last Saturday , representatives of 165 countries finally agreed on the rules to implement the 1997 Kyoto Protocol after two weeks of negotiations held in Marrakech , Morocco .
Jun Mu , deputy director of the industry and environment team at the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( KCCI ) , said , " So far , industries have been rather passive in dealing with emission reductions , as is has been something that was considered to lie far off in the future .
But the government has not taken any concrete steps regarding the cutback of greenhouse gas emissions , maintaining a wait-and-see approach instead .
" As South Korea has `developing country ' status , we are not in a position to voluntarily express our course of action , " said Yoon Jong-soo , director of the global environment office at the Environment Ministry .
Although a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) , South Korea is still regarded as a developing country and is not obliged to reduce its GHG emissions under the treaty .
With international consensus having been reached regarding a treaty to combat climate change , a " red light " has been issued to South Korea 's heavily carbon-dependent industries .
The international treaty to tackle climate change was first envisioned in Kyoto four years ago , but due to the conflicting interests of developed and developing countries as well as other contentious issues such as emission reduction mechanisms and targets , it is yet to go into effect .
Until then , we plan to step up efforts to gradually change our energy structure and reduce greenhouse gases by promoting research on renewable energy and energy-efficient technologies , " he said .
But considering that South Korea has the highest growth rate of carbon dioxide emissions in the world , it will not be able to fend off international pressure to join in the global campaign to reduce greenhouse gases much longer , experts note .
" We estimate Korea will probably join the countries cutting back emissions no later than 2018 .
As South Korea is not included in the Annex I parties , composed of industrialized countries , the accord , which is expected to go into effect some time next year , is not likely to affect the country for a while .
But due to the strong initiative of the global community , led by the European Union , countries agreed on a set of rules to implement the climate change treaty _ with or without the U.S .
The Bush administration fears the treaty will have a negative effect on its economy and maintains that developing countries , such as China and India , should also be subject to mandatory emission targets .
Scientists believe these " greenhouse " gases ( GHG ) , which mainly result from burning fossil fuels , raise the earth 's temperature and change the climate by creating floods , droughts , and other abnormal weather phenomena .
The protocol faced danger of being shelved altogether , when the U.S , which is responsible for one-fourth of all CO2 emissions in the world , decided to abruptly withdraw from the climate change treaty last March .
" We are ready to give sincere and earnest consideration to any effort that will contribute to stability and peace in Afghanistan , " foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue told reporters .
" Together with the international community we are ready to work for regional reconciliation in Afghanistan and for regional stability , " she said at a regular ministry briefing .
The issue of peacekeepers in Afghanistan has attained renewed urgency this week following rapid advances by the opposition Northern Alliance against the ruling Taliban militia .
Her remark was in response to a question on whether China would be willing to participate in a multinational peacekeeping force in Afghanistan .
China has played a tiny role in a handful of recent United Nations peacekeeping actions in various parts of the world , including Cambodia .
BEIJING , Nov 15 ( AFP ) - China on Thursday said it did not rule out taking part in any international peacekeeping force to maintain stability in Afghanistan .
A great many countries , including Brazil , are helping to improve our knowledge of the issue .
A formidable deadlock occurred , however , at the meeting in The Hague at the end of 2000 , and it seriously threatened the protocol 's future .
Also contributing was the interested and well-organized participation of nongovernmental sectors in Brazil , including the private sector .
The problem is neither simple nor minor .
President Fernando Henrique Cardoso spoke with his colleagues at bilateral meetings and emphasized to the French National Assembly and the UN General Assembly the need for multilateral diplomacy in dealing with a problem involving the basic principle of shared but differentiated responsibility on the part of all countries .
Particularly affected would be the world 's poorer regions .
That will be proof , on its 10th anniversary , of the success of the Rio Conference , where this whole important effort began .
The controversy over that subject contributed to the deadlock at the conference in The Hague last year , since the pressure to include such activities was very strong in view of their zero cost .
The idea for the CDM originated , at least in part , in a concept successfully advocated by Brazil during the Kyoto negotiations in 1997 .
It is predicted that a sufficient number of countries will do the same so that the protocol will take effect before the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg in September 2002 .
The third big challenge concerns land use : a change in the way land and forests are used so as to prevent the inclusion of activities that do not lead to a real reduction in emissions .
Also contributing was the excellent technical preparation and mature action of the Brazilian delegation , which consisted of experienced negotiators .
That will facilitate their possible convergence later with the international system .
Brazil contributed greatly to the success in Marrakesh .
At a new meeting in Bonn in July of this year , thanks to the efforts of many delegations , including that from Brazil , which played a leading role , it was possible to isolate five areas for negotiation .
It had already been decided in Kyoto to set goals for reducing emissions , initially for the industrialized countries so that distribution of the resulting burden would be accepted as fair by all .
Even the United States , which declared for its own reasons that it did not intend to ratify it , has been giving indications that it will adopt domestic measures using concepts capable of being harmonized with those set forth in the protocol .
Their participation was a demonstration , not always seen in other countries , that government and the private sector are working together in the country 's interests .
But only now has it been possible to express the matter in satisfactory terms .
The one that interests us in particular is the Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM ) , which applies to countries such as Brazil .
It was possible to ensure the environmental integrity of the protocol and to maintain control over the mechanism .
The Kyoto Protocol expresses the world 's political will and is becoming the dominant norm in that field from the standpoint of international public law .
The countries and even the companies involved won the assurance in Marrakesh that actual implementation of the protocol will be carried out in a legally binding manner .
Now the international community is being forced to face reality : there is only one way to prevent those effects or reduce them to the minimum : emissions must be limited .
Its objective was to complete the regulations governing the Kyoto Protocol and thereby create political and technical conditions for the latter 's ratification by the international community .
If nothing were done , the temperature of the atmosphere would rise by a few degrees this century with unmistakable and potentially disastrous effects .
Brazil was elected by consensus , and with the support of Latin America , to the CDM Executive Committee .
After four years of arduous negotiations , the Marrakesh conference ended successfully at 0600 hours last Saturday .
Ever since a ministerial meeting in 1999 , I have advocated that that mechanism begin its activities as quickly as possible , a step that was finally accepted in Marrakesh .
Brazil 's objectives were fully achieved .
The understanding prevailed that climate change is global and presents a challenge to the world 's leaders .
With the protocol in effect , it will be possible to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases in the industrialized countries and , consequently , to combat the global warming of the atmosphere for the benefit and well-being of future generations all over the planet .
The second big challenge was to regulate in detail the compensation mechanisms for reducing emissions .
Seoul , Nov. 16 ( Yonhap ) -- The number of employees working on a temporary or daily basis have increased drastically as companies moved to slash labor costs after the financial crisis in 1997 , the National Statistical Office ( NSO ) said Friday .
Although there are care centres and orphanages in Pietermaritzburg , McKerrow 's study found that extended families and the community were willing to take in these children .
Six years ago McKerrow and a colleague at the Edendale Hospital , Annelise Verbeek , pioneered a study entitled Models of Care for Children in Distress , a term they coined for abandoned , displaced and orphaned children in the region .
One in four children in the KwaZulu-Natal capital of Pietermaritzburg has been orphaned by Aids , and the number is set to rocket in the next 10 years .
Every day an orphan is being created and I know the problem is enormous in the province . "
Yvonne Spain , the co-ordinator of Children In Distress , a network of more than 50 organisations and people , said communities were absorbing the children , " but the fact of the matter is that , as multiple deaths occur , that safety net will fall apart " .
The director of the provincial Aids Action Unit , Dr Sandile Buthelezi , admitted the city faced " quite a problem " and suggested this week the figures might even be higher than McKerrow 's .
At an informal meeting three weeks ago , the city council was told that , according to estimates from teachers , there were now as many as 100 000 Aids orphans in the city , but city health officials say these numbers appear to be too high .
Also , advanced nations are likely to make use of the standards as a new trade barrier .
Under this situation , the nation can not possibly avoid pressures to match the cuts of advanced nations .
According to an April survey of 416 firms across the country conducted by the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( KCCI ) , 60 percent of total respondents said the United Nations Framework Convention for Climate Change will greatly influence local firms But only 28.4 percent replied that they are rushing to conform to the protocol 's requirements .
The Kyoto Protocol is an agreement to get 30 leading industrialized countries such as Japan and members of the European Union ( EU ) to lessen greenhouse gas emissions by amounts as high as 95 percent of levels in the 1990 's .
Even though South Korea declared its intention to discuss its duty to cut down greenhouse gases from 2018 , there is little possibility that advanced nations will wait until then .
The government will have to pour a lot of money into businesses to promote energy efficiency .
If the protocol , which prescribes an obligatory reduction of greenhouse gases , is put into effect , the nation 's export will be heavily damaged .
In particular , Japan and European countries are likely to persuade developing countries including South Korea to take part in the reduction of greenhouse gases earlier than planned in an attempt to secure the United States ' ratification of the protocol .
" The government should provide domestic firms real aid like tax reductions and environmental technology development rather than abstractly recommend domestic firms promote energy efficiency and lower energy consumption , " an industry source said .
If things go on like this , the government must transform the current industrial structure into an environment-friendly one and minimize industries which use a host of energy such as petrochemicals and cement manufacturing .
Unless measures that comply with the Kyoto Protocol are mapped out early , the nation 's competitiveness in manufacturing sectors will weaken soon .
The U.S. backed out of the agreement , saying its industries would be handicapped by stringent rules that developing countries could simply ignore .
The government and business circle expect the nation 's exports to be damaged in direct and indirect ways from 2008 , when advanced nations will begin to be regulated by the protocol .
Moreover , the pressures from advanced countries to get South Korea to cut its greenhouse gas emissions is expected to strengthen .
The world 's refugee problem was thrust back into the global spotlight in September following Australia 's refusal to accept 438 mainly Afghan refugees rescued from a leaking ship and stranded at sea for days .
The senior management of the Hong Kong government , however , was shocked by the surge and was worried that some people might use it as a means to remain in Hong Kong indefinitely , the report said .
HONG KONG , Nov 21 ( AFP ) -- The number of south Asians seeking political asylum in Hong Kong is on the rise following the US-led military campaign in Afghanistan , it was reported Wednesday .
But , say the scientists , tiny DNA strands can store huge amounts of information in minuscule space -- one cubic centimeter of DNA can store more information than a trillion CDs .
Although he questions whether biomolecular computers will ever become really useful , he believes they are a " step in the right direction . "
" They work better than anything I 've seen so far , " said Eric Baum , a computer scientist at the NEC Research Institute in Princeton , New Jersey .
Some scientists believe DNA-based computers could have an advantage over existing computers based on silicon chips .
However , for the uses for which the computers are designated , this level of accuracy is adequate .
Professor Shapiro and a growing number of other scientists believe DNA-based computers may lead to a number of useful applications -- they could be planted inside cells , where they would watch for irregularities or even synthesize drugs .
Nevertheless , several researchers worldwide have hailed the computers as an important new development .
Such tiny devices could one day fit into cells and supervise biological processes , or even synthesize drugs .
Natural DNA processes also involve inaccuracies which are corrected by other genes , says Shapiro , and it is almost impossible to reach absolute accuracy using biological systems .
These problems would have to be dealt with under international plans to rebuild Afghanistan , which is estimated may cost 10 billion dollars and may take , Grandi told Tanka , three to four years to achieve .
He told a news conference that Filippo Grandi , regional emergency coordinator for the UN High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) , had thanked Japan for its contribution to international efforts to aid the refugees .
It has offered financial support to Pakistan , including the rescheduling of around 550 million dollars in debt and the provision of about 40 million dollars in emergency budgetary and refugee assistance .
" The talks were very warm , " Matsunaga said at the end of the meeting .
ISLAMABAD , Nov 24 ( AFP ) - Japanese Foreign Minister Makiko Tanaka held " warm " talks here on Saturday with a senior UN official on the refugee crisis in Afghanistan and the hazards facing those wanting to return , a Japanese official said .
Tanka , who arrived in Pakistan on Friday for talks on the reconstruction of Afghanistan and to reward Islamabad for its role in the war against terrorism , was due to meet Pakistani counterpart Abdul Sattar later Saturday and President Pervez Musharraf on Monday .
In the meantime , however , the UNHCR , through its Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Assistance to Afghanistan ( OCHA ) , was trying to provide tents , clothing and heaters to returning refugees as well as to displaced people within the country wanting to return to their towns and villages .
The group pledged to counter terrorism at a summit in Brunei this month as well as a summit with their main trading partners in Shanghai in October .
Misuari launched his revolt after Arroyo decided to back an MNLF rival in an election to be held Monday to choose the next ARMM governor .
Manila wants to put Misuari on trial for rebellion in connection with a revolt on Monday which claimed at least 113 lives .
Foreign department spokesman Victoriano Lecaros said the arrest should serve as " a warning to terrorists that they will find themselves on inhospitable ground within ASEAN , " referring to the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations .
Lecaros , from the foreign ministry , said the arrest was a sign that the ASEAN , " particularly Malaysia , is succeeding in the effort against terrorism . "
He suggested that Kuala Lumpur would have to take the initiative , saying that Misuari had apparently violated Malaysian law by entering the country without a passport .
US and Philippine officials say the group has links with Saudi militant Osama bin Laden , blamed for the September 11 attacks on the United States that killed about 4,000 people .
Arroyo was " very satisfied that the Malaysian government has been efficient enough to arrest him , " her spokesman Rigoberto Tiglao told DZBB radio here .
Malaysia , which had given sanctuary to Misuari and his guerrillas in the early 1970s , has called on Misuari to end a bloody six-day-old rebellion by his followers in the southern Philippine island of Jolo .
" We have to enforce the law . "
" Definitely , " he said .
He expressed the government 's determination to put Misuari in jail .
" The Philippine government has information that Mr. Misuari has of late developed some links with the Abu Sayyaf about whom more need not be said , " he said .
" Misuari is not just any lawbreaking person , " Lecaros said .
MANILA , Nov 24 ( AFP ) - President Gloria Arroyo praised Malaysia on Saturday for the swift arrest of Muslim leader Nur Misuari , whose forces embarked on a fresh rebellion this week in the southern Philippines .
The campaign so far showed Alliance military success was the best way of getting food in , he said .
" So there is quite a job to be done in creating a secure environment for humanitarian assistance . "
His concerns echoed those voiced by leading charity Oxfam , which said instability across the country was hampering aid efforts .
But the Prime Minister 's official spokesman today said Tony Blair was pleased with the progress that had been made on the military , diplomatic and humanitarian fronts .
" The situation obviously remains fluid from hour to hour but it seems to be going in the right direction , " the spokesman said .
He again stressed that Britain would need to see evidence before it became involved in military action in other countries .
" In terms of the war on terrorism we have always said this is a multi-faceted campaign but equally we have also said any future military action would have to be based on evidence , " he said .
This is not a reverse , it 's actually an advance , " he added .
Hours after the vanguard entered from the west , a tank column halted its advance from the east , fearing hostile fire .
" This campaign is not over .
The surrender took days to hammer out , primarily because hard core Taliban and foreign troops from Usama Bin Ladin 's al-Qa'ida terror network did not want to give up .
" It is not at all a secure environment , " he told the programme .
But Commons Leader Mr Cook said : " If you look back over the past month there has been no situation in which we have put British troops into the ground civil war and I do n't myself imagine that 's going to change . "
British troops remained on 48 hour stand-by but the situation was " better than anybody could have hoped for " , according to Mr Cook .
Ruud Lubbers , the United Nations Commissioner for Refugees , said Afghanistan was not yet secure for aid agencies to operate in and " not enough " food had been taken into the country .
" We will continue obviously to keep the situation under review , but frankly , I think we should welcome the fact that their presence has not been needed in Afghanistan .
" So although our international staff went back to Kabul and hope to go back to the other places ... one can not say it is safe in the country and secure enough .
The lawyers refused to reveal the source of the documents .
It had already been known that Lebanese Phalangist militias , which perpetrated the massacres , cooperated closely with Israel , but according to the lawyers , various documents now indicate that Israel and the Phalange had planned the actions in the camps in advance , that Israel exercised complete control over the militias , and that , in the wake of the massacres , the Israeli army instructed the Phalange to assume responsibility .
The lawyers expect that the Public Prosecution Office will request Israel to confirm the documents ' authenticity .
Judging from a few texts that De Standaard was given access to , the documents seem to be related to the Israeli Kahan Commission .
The lawyers deemed it wise to do this now because one of Collignon 's questions is connected with the juridical consequences of a Lebanese amnesty law .
On behalf of some Palestinian survivors , lawyers Luc Walleyn and Michael Verhaeghe on 18 June filed a complaint with the Brussels Public Prosecution Office against Sharon and other Israeli and Lebanese persons deemed responsible for the massacres in Beirut .
Lawyers for the survivors , who have filed a complaint against Sharon in Belgium , said this .
According to Belgian and international criminal law , they could be held responsible , " Verhaeghe said .
A few days after filing the complaint , the lawyers received a stack of documents in Hebrew and in English regarding the 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon and the Sabra and Shatila events .
Tomorrow , the Chamber for Indictments will begin the debate on Investigating Judge Collignon 's questions on the legitimacy of the case against Sharon .
In the complaint , Hobeika had not yet been called by name .
A ruling is expected by the end of this year or early next year .
Walleyn are Verhaeghe are convinced of the authenticity of the documents .
In the meantime , the lawyers have also initiated a civil suit against Elie Hobeika , the militia leader who is regarded as one of the main perpetrators of the massacres .
It published a report , but not all the documents and interrogation reports were released , because they were deemed damaging to the state 's interests .
Moscow , 27 November : Russia intends to modernize and extend the service life of 11 power units in its nuclear power stations by 2005 .
The programme calls for the overhaul of nuclear power stations with a view to extending their safe and efficient operation , extending the service life of power units , resumption of the construction of power units and compiling a list of promising sites for future nuclear power stations .
The current summit will hopefully allow the CIS countries to lay new ways towards rapprochement .
" We can not stand on the sidelines of this global tendency , " the Kazakh president said .
He said , however , that a real unification will take place after all , since the CIS countries have far more reasons for a union that the European Union countries .
Kazakh president optimistic about future of CIS
Moscow , 29 November : Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev , who has arrived in Moscow to attend the 10th anniversary summit of the Commonwealth of Independent States , said upon his arrival on Thursday [ 29 November ] that " certain apathy " to the commonwealth has developed in the CIS member countries .
Concerning the delimitation of the border between Kazakhstan and Russia , Nazarbayev said that this process is continuing without any disagreements and with mutual respect for each other 's interests , and that documents on the final delimitation are likely to be signed next year .
He said this tendency reflects the economic and cultural traditions of the CIS countries which were formerly part of the Soviet Union .
Making his point clear , he said that the former Soviet republics " have not completely fallen apart , but have not formed a sufficiently strong alliance on a new basis either " .
According to the directive , which is considered by many American lawyers to be in contravention of the country 's constitution , judicial investigations into the cases of the defendants in military courts will be conducted without any possibility of bail .
This is a blatant case of discrimination in rights - something which is not practised anywhere else in the world .
They fear that these suspects may not receive a fair trial in America .
Moreover , it places this country , which claims to be a forerunner in the sphere of human rights in the world , in the same rank as countries which restrict civil rights under the pretext of security considerations .
Since the 11 September events in America , that country 's administration has severely restricted the civil rights of the American people , particularly the foreigners residing in that country .
It is worth mentioning that in the past America had severely criticized and put pressure on other governments in the world for trying terrorist suspects in military courts .
It has done so through passing the anti-terrorism law , issuing presidential directives , and sending secret memoranda to the judiciary under the pretext of fighting terrorism .
One such measure was a directive issued on 23 November concerning the creation of military courts for trying immigrants and foreigners suspected of involvement in terrorist activities .
The American State Department had in 1999 condemned the government of Peru for the creation of a secret military court , and called on that country to accept international regulations , such as the need for open and fair trials and observance of defendants ' basic rights .
They have been divested of many of their basis rights , and their voices can not be heard by anyone .
And , under the pretext of fighting terrorism , it violates human rights - rights which are global .
It appears that if the directive issued by Bush becomes law , then that country 's re-entry into the UN Human Rights Commission , from which it was expelled this year , will become much more difficult .
America , which always accuses other countries of violating human rights , is today placing terrorist suspects , who may even be innocent , in solitary confinement without access to any means of mass communication , thus depriving them of the basic human rights , in contravention of its own constitution .
Nor will they be allowed to appeal to American or international courts .
The decision by Bush to create a military court for the trial of terrorist suspects has prompted European states , particularly Spain , to refuse to hand over to America more than 10 individuals suspected of belonging to terrorist groups .
The recent action of the American president clearly demonstrates the need for the American administration to observe human rights .
In the 23 November directive , Bush has in effect drawn a clear line between the rights of American citizens and foreign immigrants .
This has drawn a chorus of condemnation from the democrats in Congress , foreign governments and civil right activists in that country .
All three groups said it was essential that governments strike a balance between " legitimate national security concerns and fundamental freedoms that is fully consistent with their international law commitments . "
The killings prompted a call by London-based rights group Amnesty International for an inquiry into the affair .
The statement listed what it said were essential rights that could not be hollowed out because of the fight against terrorism .
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson , Walter Schwimmer , Secretary General of the Council of Europe and Ambassador Gerard Stoudmann of the OSCE 's Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights said it was essential " that states strictly adhere to their international obligations to uphold human rights and fundamental freedoms " in the fight against terrorism .
The United States earlier this week hinted it may expand its war against terrorism beyond Afghanistan to Iraq , bringing swift criticism from both Germany and France , who called for restraint in the future of the military campaign .
Robinson , a particularly critical voice in guarding against human rights abuses in the wake of the September 11 attacks , said Wednesday the war on terrorism was taking a heavy toll on civil liberties .
The Council of Europe , the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) and the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights said they were responding to recent " worrying developments " in some countries regarding human rights following the September 11 attacks .
These were : the right to life , freedom of expression and religion and freedom from torture , while it also urged that the retroactive imposition of more severe penalties for crimes be avoided .
STRASBOURG , Nov 29 ( AFP ) -- Three leading international organisations warned jointly Thursday [ 29 November ] that the international fight against terrorism should not be a pretext for the violation of human rights .
" While we recognize that the threat of terrorism requires specific measures , we call on all governments to refrain from any excessive steps which would violate fundamental freedoms and undermine legitimate dissent , " a joint statement issued in Strasbourg , Geneva and Warsaw said .
According to the Government Information Office ( GIO ) , which is co-sponsoring the symposium with National Chengchi University 's Institute of International Relations , the symposium is being held to provide the world with a greater understanding of Taiwan 's role in regional stability .
In a meeting with 25 of the scholars Thursday , Tsai said in response to a question on whether Taiwan is afraid of over-reliance on the mainland market that the island will be able to achieve balanced economic growth as long as it strikes a balance between maintaining its sovereignty , developing its economy globally and normalizing relations with the mainland .
The GIO added that Taiwan 's accomplishment in democratization is the " best role model " for mainland China 's progress toward democracy .
This increase in greenhouse gases in the atmosphere is caused by industrialized nations .
However , to protect their own interests , a few industrialized nations repeatedly made outrageous demands in past UNFCCC conferences .
Dr. Ren suggested that developing nations should also join forces in emissions reduction in the future .
This disaster can only be averted if we all join in to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to stop global warming .
It is a long road ahead of us .
In other regions , it may fall precipitously .
In order to implement the treaty as soon as possible , developing nations and the EU agreed to a compromise .
In March , the new Bush Administration openly declared it would rescind its promise to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with the " Kyoto Protocol . "
According to Dr. Ren , humans released excessive amounts of greenhouse gases , primarily carbon dioxide , into the atmosphere in the past century , particularly in the past 50 years .
Fundamentally , the targets set by the Kyoto Protocol are far less than what actually will take to effectively curb global warming .
Carbon dioxide concentration in the atmosphere is higher than any time in the past several hundred thousand years .
It mainly requires the joint effort of industrialized nations to resolve global warming .
However , future negotiations are not expected to be smooth either .
It needs monetary and technical assistance from industrialized nations .
Mankind should continue to work on a solution to global warming .
In the Bonn conference in July , Japan even made new demands regarding the 1997 Kyoto Protocol .
This excessive emission of greenhouse gases has caused the mean global temperature to rise by 0.4 to 0.8 degree C in the past 140 years .
China 's per capita emission is only one-sixth that of the United States .
The next step will be even more difficult .
Beijing 10 Nov ( Xinhua ) -- Expert 's View on Global Climate Change Protocols
Its effort is well recognized around the globe .
If emission of greenhouse gases is not rigorously limited and is allowed to continue to climb , then the average global temperature may surge by 1.5 to 5.8 C. The sea level will rise by nine to 88 millimeters .
It is a mistake for the United States to use such an excuse to evade its responsibility .
He indicated that there is a long way to go and a great deal of effort to put in before global warming can be successfully arrested .
Its excuses include that it will harm the US economy and there is insufficient participation by developing nations .
Finally , a compromise was reached after developing nations and the EU made a significant concession .
It has significantly reduced greenhouse gas emissions by efficiency improvement , energy conservation , and development of advanced energy technology .
And its total emissions continue to rise .
It will be disastrous to many countries .
As a reminder , Dr. Ren pointed out : The Kyoto Protocol is merely a gesture for mankind to stop global warming .
Negotiation was stymied .
He also pointed out : Although the Kyoto Protocol did not set a reduction target for China , however , China is very concerned about global climate change-related issues in recent years .
There is no way for a weak , developing nation to absorb such a burden .
He also warned that an abrupt climate change might take place when a critical value of temperature rise is exceeded .
During this conference , countries such as Japan , Russia , Australia , and Canada played the same tactic again to try to delay the implementation of the Kyoto Protocol .
The Kyoto Protocol was significantly weakened as a result .
In certain regions , the temperature may rise suddenly and sharply .
In addition , global warming will bring about frequent extreme weather phenomena , such as cold spells , heat waves , torrential rain , and tornadoes , to threaten our society .
Dr. Ren was critical of this irresponsible decision by the US Government .
Furthermore , on a per capita basis , emissions by developing nations are also far less than that by industrialized nations .
To implement the Kyoto Protocol , according to Dr. Ren , usually a country would incur an economic loss equivalent to 1 percent of its GDP when it tries to lower greenhouse emissions 1 percent .
Dr. Ren Guoyu , an expert meteorologist at the National Climate Center of China , pointed out that the Kyoto Protocol was only the first step to resolve global warming during his interview with Xinhua News Agency .
The United States continues to refuse to fulfill its obligations .
It will have a deleterious effect on mankind .
The agency said that the trade balance was favourable , at 1.84bn dollars over the period ( the balance in January-September 2000 was favourable , at 2.89bn dollars ) .
The highway to the stars is looking radiant for the Belgian " cosmonaut . "
In several weeks , he learned the indispensable bases of the Russian language .
" This should insure that we can recover the sums involved , that in the prospect of another space trip . " One million euros will be devoted to this " cancellation " insurance .
" This assessment confirms us in our choices , " a delighted Ylieff said .
This is a first on a " TMA , " which attests to the confidence the Russian and European partners have put in him .
The SSTC 's overall budget will not suffer from this .
He is making appreciable efforts to meet the other foreign cosmonauts who are in training there and share his experiences .
The latest , and also undoubtedly the most logical , is internal to the SSTC , the federal Scientific , Technical , and Cultural Services , which , in particular , manage the country 's space budgets .
He will become one of the best elements in the corps of European astronauts .
This is an amount that Belgian yesterday pledged to pay to Russia .
As Picque emphasized , " for many years , each franc invested by Belgium in space has brought in three francs . "
In addition , he will carry the projects of Belgian scientists and industrialists active in the space sector far .
As is known , Frank De Winne 's taxi flight lasting about 10 days comes with a price tax : some 600 million [ Belgian ] francs ( 15.5 million euros ) .
On Thursday [ 29 November ] the Belgian Government formally committed itself , vis-a-vis its Russian and European partners ( the European Space Agency [ ESA ] ) , to pay Frank De Winne 's ticket into space .
People there are really unanimous about him , " she told us .
And his " parachute " too .
His dynamism is an asset .
It will be a mission that will be rich in promises .
Who said that space investments were not interesting ?
Nor will the space sector 's in particular .
" Since there is no other Belgian astronaut at the ESA who is capable of replacing Frank De Winne for this mission if it suddenly proved impossible for him to carry it out , we are also expecting to take out 'travel insurance ' for our 'cosmonaut , ' " Yvan Ylieff also said .
" Frank worked at Star City with much intensity .
This appointment is not expected for a few weeks .
In Brussels on Wednesday [ 28 November ] , the French astronaut Claudie Haignere , who had just completed a flight in space together with the Russians that in every way was identical to the one scheduled for De Winne , could not find enough praise for our fellow citizen , with whom she trained for several months in Moscow .
A short while ago , our correspondent in Bethlehem said that Ra'fat al-Bajjali was martyred of wounds he sustained in the explosion .
Our correspondent said that causes of the explosion , which took place in a house in Al-Saf Street in the city , are still unknown .
Ivanic and Finance Minister Milenko Vracar are to meet with the governor of province Hebei Niu Maosheng , who invited them to the visit , and other officials of this province .
Nuevo Laredo , Mexico , 6 Dec ( AFP ) -- A pollero ( immigrant smuggler ) , suspected of having facilitated the entry into the United States of illegal aliens from the Middle East , was arrested and is being investigated by the United States and Mexico , the authorities informed this Thursday .
But the ill-disciplined alliance troops showed little-disguised irritation at the Americans ' dominant role at Bagram , refusing to allow journalists through to speak to the US soldiers .
" They do n't want their people to see pictures of foreign troops in Afghanistan , " he said .
But Russia , which armed the alliance throughout its five-year civil war with the Taliban , has offered unequivocal political support for the loose coalition of ethnic minorities which swept into Kabul on November 13 .
It is good , you can see they ( the Americans ) are here , " he said smiling .
Ironically , some 200 armed Russians , who appeared to be from the military although they were dressed in uniforms of Russia 's emergencies ministry , set up camp 10 days ago in the centre of Kabul .
But then asked about permission to visit the base , Babajan replied : " You have to talk to the Americans , they 're in charge here . "
BAGRAM , Afghanistan , Dec 7 ( AFP ) - In a foretaste of resistance to foreign peacekeepers by the Northern Alliance , an uneasy atmosphere reigns between US forces and their Afghan allies at the Bagram airbase north of Kabul .
The US military will not say how many troops they have brought to the base but their presence has already provoked an armed incident .
The balance of authority became clear when the general invited journalists to accompany the military convoy , an order swiftly countermanded by the US officers .
" We have the same caps as the Soviet soldiers , that brings back bad memories for the Afghans , " said Cordell .
He said that Northern Alliance commanders were irritated by images of armed US soldiers on Afghan soil , and so media access to the base had to be temporarily suspended .
The top alliance commander in the area , General Babajan , driving out of the base to inspect positions along with some US and British officers , good naturedly shrugged off any problem .
However Northern Alliance defence minister General Mohammad Qasim Fahim said the same day that he had rebuffed a British offer to send troops to Kabul in the coming days and insisted he wants a strictly limited UN force .
But the spokesman also admitted that the US troops reminded the Afghans of the Soviet military invasion .
" By no means are we trying to set up a permanent presence here , we just want to help , " said US military spokesman Sergeant-Major Ray Cordell .
" When it gets to the point that Northern Alliance troops start firing in the air just next to a car with reporters , you have to do something about it , " said Cordell .
At the request of the Red Crescent Society of Pakistan , ACEC has called for donations of relief goods on its Web site since early November .
ACEC is also calling for monetary donations because it needs more money to pay shipping costs , the officials said .
This announcement was met with unanimous condemnation by the international media .
The Bush administration either refuses to sign , ratify , or implement international treaties or asks for their revision .
Pragmatism is , in the first place , the United States ' traditional policy .
At one time , he said the new US missile defense system would not pose a threat to the international security and would not trigger an arms race ; on another occasion , he stated the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty signed by the Soviet Union and the United States in 1972 was " a product of the Cold War era , " and thus has lost its binding force .
It does not want anything to do with countries and organizations that do not follow its orders or that always cause troubles to it .
After the 11 September attacks on the United States , the international community strongly condemned the terrorist acts and expressed sympathy and support to the American people .
Following the end of the Cold War , the United States has become the world 's sole superpower and the trend of pragmatism in its foreign policy has become clearer and clearer .
Bush said , " Either you are with us or you are with the terrorists " and " any nation that continues to harbor or support terrorism will be regarded by the United States as a hostile regime . "
It only wants the international treaties that benefit the US security and economy and globalization .
Bush stressed that the war is not only the " US war " but also a " world war . "
Hard on the heels of that decision , the US negotiation representative Marie Chevrier announced in Geneva that the Bush administration would not support the implementation of the " Biological Weapons Convention " and that the United States strongly objected to the concrete enforcement plan of this convention .
One of the main US diplomatic goals for this year is to persuade the international community to accept the NMD and Russia to agree to revise the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty [ AMD ] by flashing a carrot on a stick .
He even claimed that to develop the NMD , the United States would be even prepared to scrap the ABM .
Since coming to power , Bush , proceeding from the US immediate interests , has also adopted the pragmatism and unilateralism position with regard to international treaties .
After coming to power , unilateralism and pragmatism have become Bush 's main foreign policy line .
Alternate use of and complementary nature of pragmatism and unilateralism constitute the characteristics of the Bush administration 's diplomacy .
The Sino-US plane collision event that occurred on 1 April can best illustrate the US alternate application of the " two-isms " in its diplomacy .
The responsibility for the event , in which a Chinese plane crashed and a Chinese pilot perished , lies completely with the US side .
The international community and even US western allies , including US neighbor Canada , have consistently opposed the plan .
Even after the adoption of the resolution on " maintaining and abiding by the " Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty " on 29 November at the 56th United Nations General Assembly , the United States still persisted in carrying out a fifth missile interception test .
Supported by the world , the United States launched the " war against terrorism " of this century .
But after the Chinese side released all the US crew members , major US political figures changed their stance immediately and threatened to use human rights , trade , and Olympics hosting issues to " retaliate " against China .
In a word , the US development of the NMD is for the purpose of " attacking other countries and at the same time preventing other countries from attacking it , " thereby genuinely securing its status of being the " sole super power . "
But the United States obviously practices pragmatism in its treatment of Pakistan -- a frontline state in the fight against Pakistan .
This March , catering to the interests of the US oil and coal barons who have made large political donations to the Republican Party , Bush announced , without prior consultations with its allies , that the United States would not enforce the " Kyoto Protocol " which is aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the world .
The United States views itself as a " major force of anti-terrorism , " for in the world only the United States has the capability to carry out the global war against terrorism .
In the plane collision event , if one goes by the US logic , only the US spy plane is permitted to spy at other people 's doorsteps ; the host , on the other hand , does not even have the right to look after its doors and to protect its yard .
In July , the Bush administration decided to let the " Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty " " freeze " in the Senate .
Despite the opposition , Bush went it alone .
Whether the United States will continue to treat Pakistan in a responsible manner , it is anybody 's guess .
It is in fact like using multilateral diplomacy to enhance US unilateralism .
The US side not only refused to apologize to China but also claimed that " US crew members were detained by the Chinese side . " It was only because of it being deterred by the Chinese Government 's firm position and due to the fact that the US crew members were still in China that the United States was compelled to offer an apology .
Once coming to power , Bush insisted on deploying the National Missile Defense System [ NMD ] .
It does not want anything to do with the international treaties , mechanisms , and organizations that restrict or prevent US freedom .
But after declaring a war against terrorism the United States not only drew Pakistan to its side but also provided aid to it .
The United States wants all the countries in the world to stand behind it in the fight against terrorism and decides which country is its enemy or friend on the basis of that country 's attitude toward it .
This does not serve the interest of peace and the security of the peoples of the region in the long run .
Before 1994 , Israel was in control of all the occupied Palestinian territories and yet it was unable , despite all its forces , weapons , and measures , to achieve full and comprehensive quiet in the West Bank and Gaza throughout 27 years .
It also tried , through this pressure , to remove the legitimacy of the PA and its chairman Yasir Arafat under the pretext of terrorism or support for terrorism .
The Palestinians left no avenue unexplored in their quest for a settlement that enables them to regain their legitimate rights and provides all the peoples of the region , including the Israelis , with security and stability .
The United States realizes that the Palestinians are serious in their efforts to achieve a just peace .
Certainly , the intensive efforts that our big sister , Egypt , made to bridle the Israeli oppressive activity and to warn the Israeli prime minister against targeting President Arafat and the PA are highly appreciated by the Palestinian people in particular and the Arab nation in general .
In this context , we must note the role of all Arab and international forces in curbing Israeli military operations against Palestinian cities and residential areas and in explaining the true picture of the situation to the United States .
The situation and its tragic repercussions are being viewed only from the Israeli perspective .
Such demands constitute the strong base for bringing about calm and stability , putting a final end to violence and terrorism , and turning a new leaf toward fruitful negotiations leading to a just peace acceptable by all sides .
It is , therefore , unfair to blame the PA for the tension , and sometimes violence , that takes place as a result of the Israeli oppressive measures and activities .
The killing of hundreds of Palestinians and the increase in the number of martyrs among children are being ignored .
It would have perhaps been logical and acceptable if Washington had demanded a mutual and concurrent cessation of the ongoing violence between the Palestinians and the Israelis and called on Israel not to exploit the calm to open the files of security revenge through assassinations and arrests .
It wanted the PA to meet difficult , even impossible , security conditions .
Every oppressive or vindictive Israeli action has a Palestinian reaction that can not be stopped .
It would have been logical and acceptable if Washington had asked Israel to announce its commitment to the principle of withdrawal from the territories it occupied in 1967 and to end the settlement activity .
This US position , which is fully biased to Israel , strengthened Israeli Prime Minister Ari'el Sharon 's attempts to suppress national Palestinian ambitions and achieve his declared objective of establishing Israeli security on the rubble of the legitimate Palestinian rights .
For its own reasons , which are linked to its interests and , naturally , to Israel 's interests , the United States chose to put intensive pressure on the Palestinian Authority .
And the destruction of homes , installations , and PA infrastructure is being overlooked .
On the contrary , it heightens the sense of frustration among all sectors of the Palestinian people and damages the credibility of the United States as a sponsor of the peace process , indeed as an effective partner in the settlement negotiations from the start of the peace process in the late eighties until this process faltered as a result of Israel 's intransigence after Sharon came to power .
Venezuelans ' level of optimism is currently the same reported in 1998 ; that is , they are feeling pessimistic .
According to this , only 20 percent believe the rich and powerful are against Chavez .
As for the second factor , 43 percent find nothing positive in the government 's actions .
The first factor deals with the nation 's general mood .
From this group , 49 percent believe that a hypothetical replacement of the chief of state should take place through the institutional channels , whereas 5 percent agree with using forceful means .
As Christiansen explains , 'if Venezuelans did not see unemployment as a problem that could be solved , they would not blame it on Chavez ' incapacity .
Against this 54 percent , 43 percent of those polled prefer to let him govern until the end of his term in 2007 .
Finally , the Consultores 21 analyst notes that today , the number of extreme Chavez opponents ( 42 percent ) is larger than that of extreme Chavez supporters ( 18 percent ) , which could bring about a confrontation for power .
He added that Chavez still leads voter 's preference with 28 percent . " ]
In other words , Christiansen points out these are the strengths of a campaigning candidate instead of a president with three years in office .
This study shows a very clear pronouncement in favor of calling a referendum to redraft the Constitution and restore the balance of power : 75 percent agreed with the referendum , whereas 20 percent rejected it .
Caracas El Universal ( Internet version ) in Spanish on 9 December carries a related 684-word report that indicates : " According to Luis Christiansen , director of Consultores 21 polling firm , President Chavez is facing two of the four key ingredients for the decline of any government : Unresolved major problems and a drop in the leader 's popularity .
The fact that two-thirds of Venezuelans consider Chavez responsible for the country 's problems shows that he is losing strength in the third aspect of stability : The President 's ability to keep hope is shrinking .
In perfect agreement with the latest polls on the popularity of President Hugo Chavez , the most recent study by Alfredo Keller has confirmed the resounding and sustained fall of the approval rating the President had at the beginning of his administration .
Popular support for [ Caracas Mayor Alfredo ) Pena climbed from 5.5 to 16.8 percent . "
This lasted two years and people are feeling pessimistic again .
The difference is back then , Chavez ' candidacy raised expectations .
According to Datanalisis ' November poll , 57.4 percent of those polled feel as bad or worse than in the past and 55.3 percent believe their main problems are in the economic area .
Four of every 10 Venezuelans are blaming this problem on him . '
Chavez ' strengths include his personal qualities ( 27 percent ) and clear desire to work ( 17 percent ) .
The most telling result is that more than half of those polled believe that it is necessary to remove Chavez from office to solve the crisis .
To the president 's misfortune , 80 percent of Venezuelans believe there is a solution for the unemployment problem .
The third is the perception of the President as an incapable leader , which is already happening , and the fourth is that Venezuelans are able to find a substitute leader .
However , 78 percent of those polled believe there are many poor who oppose him .
The population 's disapproval of the government 's job reaches 93 and 88.4 percent on the insecurity and unemployment problems , respectively .
Although Chavez ' edge in voter 's preference continues to shrink , the effects of a divided opposition still keep him in first place ( which shows the strength of radical Chavez supporters ) .
This result also reflects the collapse of the myth of a polarization between rich and poor , which applied at the beginning of his administration .
The statement deplored the injustice against the Palestinian nation and violation of human rights of political activists , journalists , the religious minorities , the children and women in some parts of the world .
" The human communities have suffered heavy human losses in the course of devastating world wars and understood that any progress in human communities is dependent on honoring the human rights , " it said .
The IHRC said in a statement to mark December 10 , " international day for human rights " that the international community has formulated numerous documents to honor human rights after 50 years of bitter experience and the heavy losses that the humanity has suffered .
The IHRC said that all nations and religions condemned the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .
She denounced Israeli terrorist attacks against Palestinian activists , urging it to halt what she called targeted killing of Palestinians .
The statement said that several hundred documents have been signed to promote human rights and different cultures have put forward their outlooks about human rights and envisaged measures to stop violation of human rights .
Tehran , Dec 9 , IRNA -- Tehran-based Islamic Human Rights Commission ( IHRC ) on Sunday expressed concern about return of the period in which force and weapon had the last say in international relations .
Meanwhile , in another development , the Geneva-based United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson called on Israel to stop bombing the Palestinian targets in the West Bank and Gaza Strip and allow in international monitors .
The solidarity would bring about an international campaign to dry up the roots of terrorism and expand peace and security in the international community , but , certain countries resort to military power and embark on trampling upon human rights of civilians .
The statement regretted that provisions of the international declaration for human rights have not been materialized .
The IHRC said that the international conference against racism in Durban , South Africa August 31-September 7 , 2001 was a turning point in the international campaign to honor human rights .
The statement urged the statesmen in different countries to heed the religious teachings calling for respect for human rights and said that no peace will be established without honoring human
The IHRC called for prohibition of discrimination , torture , arbitrary detention and honoring the human rights , political rights , the rights of associations , the women 's rights as well as the rights envisaged in the international declaration for human rights as recommended by the divine religions several centuries ago .
According to Dr Al-Amri , the top priority of Saudi businesses these days is the application of customer relationship management ( CRM ) capabilities .
He said that growth on Saudi Arabia s IT spending expected to rise by 34 percent in the next four years will bring Saudi-based businesses capabilities to compete on national and international markets .
SPENDING on information technology in Saudi Arabia is expected to reach over $ 5 billion by the year 2005 , according to Dr Mohamed Al-Amri , managing partner of the Dr Mohamed Al-Amri & amp ; amp ; Company , provider of auditing , accounting , tax services and IT consulting .
Dr Al-Amri said that the growth of Internet in the Kingdom , coupled with the thrust of national companies seeking regional exposure and global competitiveness , is pushing Saudi-based companies to develop web-based strategies for a wider market reach at manageable costs .
According to the parties ' lawyer , Rateb Juneidi , the court presided by Judge Abdullah Hadad , examined the charge sheets and arguments presented and adjourned until Dec. 31 .
Political parties and professional associations have also moved to contest several temporary laws including the one on public gatherings , as well as amendments to the Penal Code
AMMAN ( JT ) -- The Higher Court of Justice on Monday held the first session of a case filed by opposition parties contesting the recently endorsed temporary Elections Law .
The Opposition Parties ' Higher Coordination Committee had contested the temporary law on Sept. 16 , on the grounds it was " unconstitutional . "
The parties argued that there were " no emergency circumstances " warranting the enactment of a temporary law on elections .
The law , which clarified voting procedures but maintained the controversial one-person , one-vote formula , was endorsed by the government in July , just over a month after the dissolution of the Lower House .
The financial impact of operations in Afghanistan , which are expected to mobilize some 5,000 men , will not take effect until 2002 .
The problem , he went on , is that the so-called " one China " principle cherished by Beijing " makes the Republic of China vanish . " Therefore , as a guardian of the ROC sovereignty , dignity and security , he can not accept the principle .
The nation 's top mainland policy planner also assured her guests that the government 's policy toward mainland China will remain unchanged after the ruling Democratic Progressive Party emerged from the recent legislative elections as the island 's largest party in the Legislative Yuan for the first time .
Tsai said cross-strait dialogue is not expected to resume overnight .
In her view , Tsai said , both sides have been endeavoring to prevent the results of Taiwan 's recent parliamentary and local government chief elections from affecting the stability of cross-strait relations .
" The two sides must forge mutual trust and work out certain procedures to ensure that talks are conducted on a solid basis , " Tsai noted .
Noting that President Chen Shui-bian has on many occasions expressed goodwill to mainland China , Tsai said so long as Beijing leaders can carefully mull the significance of Chen 's statements on cross-strait affairs , particularly the " one China " issue , there should be opportunities for the two sides to resume talks .
Taipei , Dec. 11 ( CNA ) -- Mainland Affairs Council ( MAC ) Chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen said Tuesday she foresees the possibility of the two sides of the Taiwan Strait resume dialogue next year .
" It all depends on how mainland China interprets President Chen 's latest remarks on cross-strait relations and how the two sides cultivate an environment favorable for resumption of their long-stalled dialogue , " Tsai explained .
However , Chen said " one China " should not be a precondition for talks until such time as Taipei and Beijing have reached a mutually acceptable meaning for the the term through " wisdom and creativity . "
Tsai said although the spokesman for mainland China 's Taiwan Affairs Office failed to give any positive response to Taiwan 's goodwill in his first post-Taiwan election news conference , he appeared to be fully aware of the importance of maintaining stability in the Taiwan Strait .
President Pervez Musharraf will pay a state visit to China from 20th to 24th of this month at the invitation of the president of China , Mr. Jiang Zemin .
Bilateral agreements regarding the Saindak copper and gold projects , Thar coal mines development , technical and economic cooperation , and a joint revolving fund for scientific research , and other hydroelectric projects are likely to be signed during the visit .
Over the years , China has emerged as a key economic partner and an important source of external assistance for Pakistan .
Caving in to the international pressure , the United States pretended to support the creation of an independent Palestinian state .
The prospect for the settlement of the Middle East issue is still bleak due to those who stand in the way of the settlement .
However , this is no reason to be optimistic about the situation .
The clash between Israel and Palestine briefly appeared to be abating in the wake of the large-scale attack incident [ taesupkyok sakon ] against the United States .
Today , in order to find a correct solution to the Middle East issue , it is important to frustrate Israel 's territorial ambition and create conditions for Palestine to create an independent state of its own .
Israel 's scheme is to make Palestine a vassal state and bring it under its control .
This is why Israel agreed to discuss the issue of granting independence to Palestine on conditions that Palestine claim only a small piece of territory and waive its right to raise [ organize ] a regular army .
International pressure is on Israel again .
It is an urgent matter for Israel to withdraw completely from the occupied land of Palestine .
As such , Israel 's territorial ambition is persistent and clever .
On 18 November , the following day Israel began withdrawing its troops from Tulkarm , Israeli troops deliberately gunned down two Palestinians in the Palestinian autonomous areas as if they were quarries .
It was in fact due to strong international pressure that Israel began withdrawing its troops from the Palestinian autonomous area .
As a result , the situation has become tense again .
However , it has become fierce again after Israeli minister of tourism was assassinated .
The United States , which is currently waging a war in Afghanistan , tried to shore up support from Arab states and Islamic world through a crafty ruse .
Toward the end of October , Israel declared that it would withdraw from some of the Palestinian autonomous areas where the situation was " relatively calm " and pretended to be abiding by the decision .
It is also obvious that the aggressive US policy toward the Middle East will remain unchanged .
Israel makes itself appear to be withdrawing its troops from some of the occupied Palestinian autonomous areas .
The United Nations and many countries around the world began paying attention again to the situation in the Middle East that is becoming more complicated .
Sharon 's remarks and behavior that were insulting to the Palestinians infuriated Palestine .
Israel has never abandoned its aggressive ambitions .
However , it stopped withdrawing its troops halfway through under the pretext of " unstable situation " and occupied them again .
Apart from this , we can not talk about the settlement of the Middle East issue .
There is no way of knowing whether or not Israel will halt the withdrawal of its troops again under any pretext as it did before .
The US administration is about to call on Israel to support the creation of a Palestinian state with East Kuds as its capital .
Convinced that the United States can never abandon it completely , Israel is dragging its feet on the withdrawal of troops citing a variety of excuses .
The great leader [ suryong ] Comrade Kim Il-song taught : " Imperialism is the source of war and the disturber of peace . "
Commenting on this , many Arab states and international opinion emphatically said that it is nothing more than a political stratagem to win support for its war in Afghanistan and to further expand the sphere of its domination in the Middle East .
Israel is adamantly against the creation of a completely independent Palestinian state .
Taking advantage of this , Israel occupied six cities located in the Palestinian autonomous areas by the use of force .
Seeing through the US scheme , Israel refused to continue the troop withdrawal from the Palestinian autonomous area .
It is quite obvious that Israel will employ a crafty trick in the future to realize its burning territorial ambition .
The desperate fight even took tolls of women and children .
The United States , which has been in the van of invading other countries , is about to put pressure on Israel , not because it is now more sympathetic to Palestine or finds Palestine more tolerable than before , but because of its own national interests .
On 20 November , the Israeli army bulldozed dwelling houses in the Palestinian autonomous area and even committed such an atrocious act as wounding Palestinians without hesitation .
One can easily talk in a similar manner of the racial discrimination in the United States which is becoming more serious with the passage of time .
The United States , however , is not qualified to speak of " human rights " in other countries .
When voices critical of the Israelis ' violation of the Palestinian people 's human rights were raised at the conference , the United States went so far as to withdraw its delegation .
They responded that three out of ten blacks could not find job or have been denied responsible positions in the workplace simply because they were blacks and eight out of ten blacks and two thirds of the Latinos and Asians said they had suffered persecution and had been subjected to abusive language .
Recalling the scene , Ali Barr said : " Myself and my company were racially discriminated against .
Many people in the United States have their human rights ruthlessly trampled upon simply because they are colored .
In the beginning , the United States refused to send a delegation , but eventually dispatched a low-level delegation .
Instead of talking about " human rights issues " of other countries , the United States should find out how things are in its own house where the abuse of human rights is rampant and make effort to rectify the practices .
The great leader [ yongdoja ] Comrade Kim Chong-il has pointed out : " Although the imperialists and reactionaries speak ill of socialism and pretend to be the 'advocates of human rights , ' they are the ones who really abuse human rights . "
According to a poll conducted jointly by the US daily " The Washington Post " and Harvard University , people are wondering whether the American society is not reverting to the 1960s when racial discrimination was very serious .
When Ali Barr and his company entered the restaurant , ten white people inside the restaurant appeared surprised to see them and a waitress told them to leave the premise immediately .
More often than not , the United States , acting as if it were an " adjudicator of human rights , " published the so-called " Annual Human Rights Report " and " Annual Report on International Religious Freedom , " attempting to teach a lesson or two to countries -- including our country -- it deems disagreeable .
People will likely remember the fact that the United States withdrew its delegation from the UN conference against racism held last September in Durban , South Africa .
At a recent United Nations meeting , the United States picked a quarrel with us by speaking as if our country had a " human rights problem . "
Since this is how a government claiming to represent its people behaves in international settings , it is no wonder people at home follow the government 's example .
This was not the first time the United States acted this way .
I can never forget what I saw that day as long as I live . "
However , we will not look back at the entire century that has just passed .
The other has no other homeland than France , which does not , however , lead him to deny his heritage from ancient Israel ( which contains , like all heritages , the best and the worst ) nor to be indifferent to the destiny of those millions of Jews who have something in common with him .
What would remain of the ideals of those who saw themselves as their liberators of their people and as builders ?
Let us content ourselves with reiterating the evidence : Since June 1967 , the West Bank and Gaza have been occupied and dominated territories , crushed politically , socially , economically .
Whom does he think he resembles , if not the perpetrator of the Sabra and Shatila massacres ?
Can we seriously imagine the crimes that would have to be committed to achieve this result ?
Today , he is being completely isolated and the desire to drive him away is scarcely disguised .
On the Israeli side , despite the process , settlement has increased considerably , eating away at the supposedly autonomous Palestinian territories crisscrossed by " bypass roads . "
This applies to all the problems under discussion , including , of course , the issue of Jerusalem and of the refugees .
The second is that of reciprocity .
Asking this question at least serves as a reminder that , although many have already left , thereby reinventing the Diaspora , the Israelis want to stay and do not intend to end up like French Algeria .
Likewise , the more recent creation of Israel was accompanied , under the indifferent gaze of the Western and Soviet world , by the forced exodus of hundreds of thousands of Palestinians .
Like any form of state terrorism , it is above all contradictory .
On the Palestinian side , feeding on the growing frustration of the occupied population , a wing has broken off , conducting a policy of terror and death that horrifies us .
These days , when everything seems to be collapsing in the Middle East , both the Palestinians ' chances of finally having a state in which their people would be sovereign , and the Israelis ' chances of integrating themselves into a region where -- need we be reminded ? -- the Arabs are in the overwhelming majority , we believe it our duty to voice a few basic truths .
It must be acknowledged that the government of Ariel Sharon has so far taken the opposite tack and that , while he has grudgingly recognized the Palestinians ' right to a state , it has been under conditions such that this state , reduced to a series of Bantustans , has no chance of living and developing peacefully .
We still want to hope that the " rest of Israel , " as the prophets called it , is the " mustard seed " another prophet referred to .
Those involved in it had no shortage of arguments , whether Arab , Jewish , or simply clear-headed .
It is absolutely impossible for the time being .
We are both historians .
Ariel Sharon 's immediate exploitation of the 11 September massacres is an unmistakable sign .
Today , these refugees and their descendants do not call into question the existence of the state of Israel as long as the injustice suffered is recognized and the implementation of their rights is negotiated fairly .
The other solution is the opposite of the first one : the departure of the Israelis to more hospitable climes , in the United States or Europe .
There was a quarrel concerning Zionism .
It also applies for Palestinian citizens of Israel who , 53 years after the creation of the state , are still far from equal .
From the current perspective , three solutions seem " logical . "
It now resembles the destruction of the very people , so structured and organized is it .
Any renunciation of sovereignty by either party must be compensated by the other .
It furthermore holds for the Israelis who decide to remain in Palestinian territory and who must no longer be encysted there .
But in the future ?
This process has not achieved its goal .
Today , two forms of terrorism fuel each other .
How to escape from this situation ?
We do hope so , against all hope .
The third solution consists of coexistence , whether it takes the form of two separate states or a federation or a confederation .
Palestinian terrorism , which existed on a very small scale in the time of Yitzhak Rabin , has taken on a dramatic dimension .
The Israeli ambassador in France , Elie Barnavi , recently made two contradictory statements : That all those who , like Nurit Peled , believe that the Sharon government is a " government of death " could easily fit into a telephone booth ... and that by their existence they constitute Israel 's very honor .
Despite this , the Palestinian resistance has formally recognized the existence of Israel and begun a peace process in Oslo , while the state of Israel has recognized the Palestinians represented by the PLO and its leader Yasser Arafat .
Sharon compared Arafat to Bin Ladin and Mullah Omar put together .
But the Israeli response , with its " extra-judicial liquidations , " is even more dramatic in a certain sense .
The first is that of not only civic , but also social and economic , equality .
This principle applies primarily to the attitudes that must prevail during any future negotiations .
Two basic principles could still , perhaps , make it possible .
Zionism established itself in a sensitive region of the world at a time when nothing seemed more " normal " than to settle in someone else 's territory .
A recently assassinated minister favored this solution .
Can anyone believe that the Arab world could approve of it ?
Yesterday , Yasser Arafat was being asked to police the area he was supposed to be in charge of , while destroying the instruments of his power .
The first is the expulsion of the Palestinians from what is known as Eretz Israel , from all of Mandatory Palestine .
No one today challenges their existence despite the crises arising from this process and which were cited by an Aboriginal athlete at the Olympic Games in Sydney .
What would then remain of the universal character of the prophets of Israel -- that of the second Isaiah , for example -- and of Israeli citizens ' hope of one day living in peace in this region ?
Extremists on both sides have clearly understood this and have derived nothing but encouragement from it .
The government , without assets to sell and without the possibility of falling back on the devaluation of its currency , is now condemned to keep on asking for foreign capital to maintain its balance of payments in equilibrium .
In the case of Pakistan , it is this country 's geostrategic position in the current crisis that serves to justify the avalanche of loans and trade facilities that are being granted to Islamabad .
The first illustration of a change in the position of the United States ( the Fund 's leading shareholder ) toward countries that may squander the American taxpayer 's money was the arrival in September of Ann Krueger , an ultraliberal American , as number two at the IMF .
Since the economic targets the government had promised , particularly the one on a zero budget deficit , were not reached , the board felt it was unable to " recommend " releasing a new $ 1.264 billion tranche that had been scheduled for December as part of last year 's $ 22 billion program for Argentina .
Unconditional Support
And yet , the problem was disposed of in two hours .
Moreover , he found the measures taken by the government to control the [ movement ] of foreign exchange and limit the flight of capital were " regrettable " , even though these measures were made more flexible later on .
The IMF administrators ' bookkeeping-based decision marks a toughening of its policy , which America 's republicans , who are especially critical of the Fund 's past largesse , have called for over the past years .
We also stopped counting the unconditional support the institution has given some heads of state , who are neither especially virtuous nor especially democratic , because it was in the political , commercial and economic interest of the United States to do so .
Moreover , the " Argentine case " falls at a bad time .
Furthermore , Argentina is not a priority for the Americans now , confides a member of the IMF .
The figures spoke for themselves .
The fate of 30 million Argentines depends on this .
Regardless of what happens , the current extremely perilous situation is another setback for the IMF .
It has been following Argentina 's national accounting with a magnifying glass for the past ten years and it has shown it is incapable of guaranteeing the country 's financial equilibrium just as most of the countries that submit to its demands .
According to an eyewitness , this cut and dry , accounting-like decision taken by civil servants , who thus have the power of " life or death " over a country , was not the subject of any debate .
Yet , over the past ten years , it has done everything it can to be considered one of the IMF 's good pupils .
We have stopped counting the number of times financial bailout plans have been set up to help this or that government in difficulty .
President Bush now needs parliamentary votes to get more powers on trade negotiation matters and a green light on the economic stimulation plan that has been dragging along for the past two months .
Buenos Aires privatized , on Washington 's recommendation , all of its public companies .
Also , the risk that its bankruptcy will cause a chain reaction and lead to a grave crisis among emerging nations is , according to economists , not very likely or at most limited .
It is the victim of an explosive situation at the economic , political and social levels .
This was the only concession made to a government that has been struggling to restructure its domestic public debt to avoid having the country simply default on its debt .
In the event of non-payment , the country will find itself an outcast of the international financial community .
The president could not take any risk of ruffling the republicans .
This position is surprising all the same because the history of the IMF is lined with derogations .
Shortly thereafter , the institution 's spokesman , Thomas Dawson , declared " the [ Argentine ] authorities have to reach the program goals they set for themselves " before they can get any more money .
In essence , it seems that they all agreed on one thing : meeting a commitment is inviolable .
For Brazil , the Fund intervened in October 1998 , between two rounds in the presidential election , to support Fernando Henrique Cardoso 's reelection because his macroeconomic options fell in line with the Fund 's requirements , contrary to his leftist adversary , Luis Inacio " Lula " da Silva .
Hence , a foreign debt of $ 130 billion and the urgent need for an inflow of capital from the IMF to repay $ 2 billion in debt that is coming due on 19 December .
Argentina has none of these worthy arguments .
At most , a few differences in sensitivity emerged over whether or not the issue should remain closed from one to two months or if the discussions with Argentina should continue .
China is very concerned about this matter , and the Chinese Embassy in Argentina has asked the Argentine government to ensure the life and property safety of the overseas Chinese and Argentine citizens with Chinese origin , Zhang said .
Zhang said recently some serious disturbances such as shop robberies and traffic breakdowns occurred in Argentina , and some groceries owned by overseas Chinese as well as Argentine citizens with Chinese origin were among those looted .
Beijing , December 20 ( XINHUA ) -- China believes that the Argentine government and people will overcome the current difficulties , revive their economy and maintain their social stability , said Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue here Thursday .
" We wish them to give up their wish and policy to throw us from the island .
Denktas said that they are ready to live together with Greek Cypriots in the island , adding that they don`t have the will to send Greek Cypriots from the island .
I would like these representatives to explain the fact to the EU , which forgot the 1960 Constitution that the Turkish Cypriots are not minority and the Greek Cypriot side which wants to join the EU unilaterally and as if it was the legitimate government of Cyprus is not expected in the EU. "
Also asking for help from the Turkish press , Denktas said that " I ask for help from the press as I will negotiate for peace and compromise to solve Cyprus question .
" I expect the Turkish world to resist to that as much as Turkey does and to act consciously to defend the law and justice , " he said .
I wish the representatives of the Turkish world to bring this message to their friends. "
Addressing the meeting , Denktas said that this week is " Martryrs Week , " adding that " it is the 38th anniversary of the struggle started to annihilate Turks in Cyprus ... We fought for half of our lives to prevent the occupation of Cyprus from Greece and not to make the island a Greek dagger that is thrust into the heart of Anatolia .
Calling on the representatives of the Turkish world who attended the congress , Denktas said that Turkish Cypriots are not minority in the island and representatives should explain this fact in every place which they visit .
Noting that the agreements signed in 1960 for Cyprus were considered as nonexistent by many countries , Denktas said that the international society treated the island as if it was a Greek Cypriot Republic and treated its Turkish partner as if it was a minority .
ISTANBUL , Dec 21 ( A.A ) - Rauf Denktas , the President of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus ( TRNC ) said on Friday that Cyprus is wanted to be given as a gift to those who stole the Cyprus government by means of EU membership .
They should not condemn us with lies and by deceiving the world , " he said .
Denktas noted that there is no Cypriot nation in the island and there can`t be a minority if there is no nation , stressing that he will launch efforts to make Cyprus a friendship bridge between Turkey and Greece .
Claiming that Indonesia , Malaysia , and Argentina , in which IMF programs were implemented , have all suffered the same fate , Hatiboglu called for taking lessons from the developments in Argentina .
Criticism of government
Hatiboglu , explaining that the IMF is in the hands of the " forces of money " , said that these latter " toy with " the world in palms of their hands .
Hatiboglu responded as follows to a journalist 's question as to whether Argentina had intentionally been brought to its current situation : " There 's a fantasy of a world kingdom that utilizes the IMF .
Claiming that the family structure and social solidarity in Turkey are different from those in Argentina , Hatiboglu charged that , by means of the new Family Law , efforts are underway to do away with these .
Criticizing as well the appointment of Kemal Alemdaroglu as rector of Istanbul University , Hatiboglu noted that the failure to discuss the report by the Higher Education Research Commission had been instrumental in this , and charged that President Ahmet Necdet Sezer had appointed Alemdaroglu even though aware of the allegations concerning him .
Just as Kemal Dervis is a means in our country , and if through him they are able to orient Turkey in any way they choose , they are able to do whatever they want with countries by means of the IMF . "
Well , until the IMF brought them to the point of death , just as there 's a transitory motion that 's seen in corpses , that 's what happened in Argentina . "
Yasin Hatiboglu also criticized the implementation of the program wherein classical Turkish 'divan ' literature will not be taught in schools , and that , instead , pre-Republic and post-Republic literature will be taught .
With these three musketeers [ a reference to the three-party coalition government ] , this country can only be dragged along , but wo n't get anywhere . "
It delivered that blow , and hit Argentina .
Hatiboglu began a press conference he held at the TBMM [ Turkish Grand National Assembly ] by saying that " I hope that Mr. [ State Minister for the Economy Kemal ] Dervis will not have the same fate as [ former Argentine Economics Minister Domingo ] Cavallo , and that our country 's fate will not be the same as Argentina 's . "
Hatiboglu spoke as follows : " This government must finally see the Argentine government , and the social explosion that has befallen Argentina .
Those who are really behind it all , those who are behind this business , use the IMF .
Yesterday , Argentina as well was being portrayed as if everything there were going fine .
Criticizing the policies of the government , Hatiboglu spoke as follows : " With such a Prime Minister , this country can not be brought to prosperity ; it will just be dragged along .
Stating that he intended to bring the matter onto the agenda through the Parliamentary oversight mechanisms , Hatiboglu said that " No one has the right to wage war against the history of this nation . "
Responding to a question , Yasin Hatiboglu asserted that the [ controversial ] 2002 calendar had not been prepared by the SP itself , but rather that the calendar that has made news had in fact been composed by a private firm .
What you 're calling the IMF is the ideal of a world kingdom . "
Noting that a temporary golden age had been experienced in Argentina , Hatiboglu said that " The IMF knows very well how to calculate just when it will deliver the actual death blow .
It was said that Argentina was having success .
ANKARA ( A.A ) - 21.12.2001 - Yasin Hatiboglu , Deputy Chairman of the SP [ Felicity Party ] 's Parliamentary Group , claiming that countries in which the programs of the IMF [ International Monetary Fund ] are implemented experience the same fate , has said that the government must see the social explosion that has occurred in Argentina .
The 450ft long vessel Nisha , carrying 26,000 tonnes [ metric tons ] of raw sugar , was stopped on Friday morning [ 21 December ] amid fears it could be transporting noxious , hazardous or dangerous substances .
A cargo ship intercepted in the Channel after a tip-off that it might be carrying terrorist materials was today given the all clear , police said .
" This was the right and proper course of action to take .
Police had earlier indicated they expected the search to take a number of weeks , because of the vessel 's size and design , but experts completed the job today .
" We had anticipated that detailed examination of the ship might take rather longer .
Assistant Commissioner David Veness , head of Scotland Yard 's specialist operations , said : " New information , combined with the relentless efforts of scientific experts , our detailed knowledge of the ship and its movements , and very careful examination of the vessel over the last three days leads us to be completely satisfied that the Nisha is not a suspicious vessel and does not pose a danger . "
Mr Veness praised the crew and ship 's owners for their co-operation and said : " We remain vigilant and are totally committed to ensuring the safety of the public .
Anti-terrorist officers said they were also satisfied that the ship 's crew and owners had not committed any offence .
He added : " We have not detected any signs of interference and we do not believe that the seals of the holds have been interfered with .
Thankfully , the ship has been proved not to pose a danger to the public . "
He declined to comment further but said the country would continue to honor its commitment with the International Monetary Fund , which is coordinating some $ 5 billion in aid to help the country overcome its current economic crisis in return for reforms .
When asked by journalists whether Indonesia had any plans to halt repayment on its US $ 70 billion national debt , Dorodjatun said : " No . "
The newspaper added that the Japanese government , which first believed the vessel was a North Korean spy ship based on its shape and equipment , have gained more evidence to support their suspicions .
Tokyo , Dec. 26 ( Yonhap ) -- Japanese defense authorities have confirmed that the vessel initially suspected of being a North Korean spy ship communicated with the North before being intercepted and sunk by Japanese patrol boats after an exchange of fire in the East China Sea Saturday , Japan 's Sankei Shimbun said in its Wednesday edition .
Although the defense officials declined to give details of the messages exchanged between the vessel and the North Korean side , they said , " The ship may have been involved with the smuggling of drugs used to treat drug addicts . "
The president complained about the mass media , accusing them of reporting whatever suits them .
He added that he would not find it at all strange if , at some time or other , they even managed to connect him with the terrorist Usama Bin Ladin , because he is sure that his opponents will use any strategy to try to discredit him .
President Hugo Chavez has warned that certain sectors have once again taken up the idea of looking forceful way out in Venezuela , either through a coup or an attack that would end his life .
He noted that as the year draws to a close , the indicators are positive for Venezuela , then emphasized that the country has regained such internationally recognized posts as the presidency of the Group of the 15 and the Group of the 77 .
He wished the new Argentine Government good luck and is confident that it will get the country moving forward .
Once again , ideas that Chavez has to be killed , that four shots would solve the problem , have emerged .
Even if such a thing were to happen , it would not solve the problem , " the president said during his year-end message to the Vargas and Caracas garrisons , speaking from the Caracas Poliedro .
In his opinion , this was a serious error that resulted in victims and loss of Venezuelan lives because we were meddling directly in an internal conflict in Colombia . " [ quotation marks as published ]
It is a futile illusion because it is a lie .
The president charged that attacks targeting his person have gone on for over 10 years , and that he has been accused , among other things , of ties with the guerrillas , of buying arms and trying to set up a communist regime in Venezuela .
" We were meddling in an internal conflict of another country , which is a violation of international law and which in turn gave the guerrillas the right to attack our military units . "
As for Argentina 's decision not to pay its debt , the president said the measure would give the economy and people some breathing room .
The chief of state also recalled that the previous governments viewed the Colombian guerrillas as enemies of Venezuela , which led to operations in Colombian territory to attack the rebel groups .
He said that Venezuela was led away from that path because the same thing would have happened here .
He pointed out that his annoyance does not extend to the journalists , but is directed at the owners of newspapers and radio and television broadcasting stations .
Chavez recalled that only a few years ago , Argentina was depicted as the model to follow .
Now , however , the situation has reversed negatively as a result of the neoliberal policy to which he is opposed .
" Since they have realized that this train is not stopping and that they are not going to stop it or run it off the track , ideas about destabilization have once again surfaced .
Chavez added that " they are going around looking for a Pinochet , analyzing man by man to see who could be the Pinochet that they could pit against Chavez , and I am sure that there is no Pinochet in the FAN .
Chavez said that more efforts would be made in 2002 to get the country moving ahead since he believes that it will be quite difficult politically , economically and socially .
I would venture to assure you that , " he said .
He stressed that " the present cycle will lead to a dangerous situation " .
Paris , 28 December ( AFP ) : President Jacques Chirac urged a " de-escalation " between India and Pakistan during a telephone conversation on Friday [ 28 December ] evening with Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf , the Elysee [ French presidency ] said .
" Everything must be done by everyone to bring about de-escalation , " Mr Chirac added .
The French head of state , who is spending the seasonal holiday at the Bregancon fort in the Var [ department ] , took the initiative of telephoning his Pakistani opposite number to convey " his very strong concern at the rising tension between India and Pakistan " , the same source said .
This should be a message for the authorities as concerns the stand the country has taken on this issue , " Director of the Institute of Politics Mykola Tomenko told a press conference in Kyiv today .
For instance , 29 per cent of those who consider themselves " poor " support America and 46 per cent do not , while among those with " high " and " average " income levels 39 per cent approve of US policy and 45 per cent disapprove .
" Afghanistan is a historic memory for a whole generation of our compatriots and that is why they fear being drawn into the conflict .
Poll shows more Ukrainians against US campaign in Afghanistan
Kyiv , 29 December : Forty-three per cent of Ukrainians disapprove of the antiterrorist operation being carried out by the US in Afghanistan , according to a poll of 1,000 Ukrainian citizens conducted by GfK-USM at the request of the Institute of Politics between 25 and November and 5 December .
At the same time , over a third - 34 per cent - support America 's military campaign .
The lower the living standards of those polled , the less frequently they spoke in support of the US campaign , Tomenko said .
Also on the part of the International Monetary Fund whose principal role is to be watchdog before bailing out those who come unstuck .
That leaves the most economically realistic solution , the one backed by the technical experts : Floating the currency , but it is also the most risky .
More than ever in fact , as the financial crisis that is shaking Buenos Aires has a useful message for us : The choice of a currency can never be reduced to a simple act of political will .
Appeals were already made to the creditors during the first phase of the debt rescheduling involving the $ 55 billion held by Argentine funds and that was completed at the end of November .
But it would also be a very painful way of restoring credibility , " like when one loses one 's virginity and the only solution is to enter a convent , " as one monetary expert put it .
But neither dollarization nor the currency board provides a guarantee of low interest rates , as there will always be an " Argentine risk . "
And they will come under pressure again : The IMF 's recent refusal to approve a $ 1.3 billion loan is designed specifically to help Finance Minister Domingo Cavallo put pressure on private investors , as the latter have clearly understood even if not always the observers .
The real gauge of this confidence was the size of the national debt , that grew and grew .
One must understand all the implications , often unfortunately invisible .
Michael Mussa , chief economist with the IMF until last April , recognizes this : " If we had paid more attention to the growing budgetary deficit and national debt between 1996 and 1998 , Argentina would have been in a much better position to absorb the impact of the devaluation of the Brazilian real . "
The Argentines thought they had discovered the philosopher 's stone in 1991 .
The commitment to liberalism , the second strand of the Menem program , lived up to its promises .
Are the Argentines now in a position to forge a new social contract ?
This is why dollarization has generated such support among politicians : From former President Carlos Menem , today leader of the most influential Peronist faction , to new Finance Secretary Miguel Kiguel , a former banker , charged along with Domingo Cavallo with restoring order to public finances .
The linking to the dollar , as a guarantee of stability , was meant to rid them of the hyperinflation running at 2000 percent a year they had experienced during the 1970s and 80s .
The risk premium has always been considerable , rates never falling below 10 percent .
Unless the peso is devalued before it disappears , that is technically possible but more delicate when it comes to credibility .
But this Chinese territory has an extremely open economy , to the point where its exports exceed its GDP , thereby facilitating the influx of foreign currency .
First paradox : The Argentine economy is not very open , not even to its neighbors in Latin America .
Hence the official parity between the peso and the dollar until 1 December 2001 when it became necessary to introduce exchange controls with a devastating effect .
The final switch to the dollar would stabilize relations between creditors and debtors .
It is not enough to proclaim , even in the Constitution , that one peso is worth one dollar , for that to be really the case .
At the same time private debtors who became indebted in a strong currency would find themselves ruined by a peso devaluation .
Second paradox : The self-proclaimed parity between the peso and the dollar never enabled the government and even less private borrowers to obtain credit terms to match those enjoyed by the Americans .
Looking back one can see a general lack of vigilance .
Economists and market players then noticed that Argentina had been " over-financed . "
So is it really the moment to take a look at Argentina ?
The Europeans are enthusiastically holding in their hands " the euro , our currency " that for so long had been no more than a much-wielded slogan .
This places an unbearable burden on the government in servicing the debt and a revenue to match for the creditors .
" Credibility evaporated , " to quote the expression of one expert who stresses the paradoxes of a system whose bases seemed sound .
The tale today is all the more bitter as it began with such euphoria .
USP [ University of Sao Paulo ] professor Emir Sader believes that Peronists will remain in power after the elections , slowly growing weaker , allowing room for the emergence of new leadership .
" The degree of pauperization will be brutal .
Either one pays attention to the will of the people or what happened will happen . " Maia commented .
The Argentine TV station Todo Noticias [ " All News " ] reported yesterday that President Fernando Henrique Cardoso on Saturday night telephoned Cordoba Province Governor Jose Manuel de la Sota , of the Justicialist Party ( PJ ) -- who once served as ambassador to Brazil -- to voice his concern over incidents in the country .
Brazil can not stand by with its hands folded just watching all of this , " Genoino affirmed .
I hope that this can alert the Brazilian Government to revise its relationship with the IMF . "
He noted , " Brazil should adopt an open posture with relation to Argentina , which is experiencing a tragedy . "
It is dangerous !
For the political scientist , Argentina can not wait for assistance from the American Government .
This is viewed as the main impediment to the establishment of political order in the country .
Violent attacks at the Argentine legislature sounded alarm bells in the Brazilian political arena , to the point that senators of the official and opposition parties defended more concrete support from the Brazilian Government for Argentina .
We have a very risky scenario .
The concern now is security .
He asked that Brazil promote meetings in the South American continent , or serve as intermediary in negotiations with international institutions .
Any step backward for democracy on the continent would be a disaster .
All eyes are on Pakistan , China , and Russia . "
According to the reporter , the Brazilian president apparently advised De la Sota to move forward the elections , initially slated for March 2002 .
" Cardoso told De la Sota that the images of the protests at the Plaza de Mayo show a country on the verge of a civil war , " one of the channel 's journalists commented .
" The political warning must be heeded .
We do n't know where it will go , against whom .
" This is an unpredictable , anarchical situation .
Senator Heloisa Helena ( Workers Party -- Alagoas ) said that Latin American countries should always join together to speak with international economic institutions , in order to maintain autonomy in their economies : " Now we see what happens when one country abdicates its financial autonomy .
Sader affirmed , " The new policy of ( US President George W. ) Bush is to permit decay .
Deputy Jose Genoino ( Workers Party -- Sao Paulo ) said that the wave of looting threatens Argentine democracy .
Concern has spread to Brazilian legislators .
Everything depends on how long it takes for Peronism to burn out and new leadership to emerge , " Sader said .
Analysts : Lack of Alternative for Power
For Jose Agripino Maia , PFL [ Liberal Front Party ] leader in the Senate , although Brazil has detached itself from Argentina , it should not disregard the message of the crises that is devastating the neighboring country .
Latin America is no longer important because the focus now is on global security and no longer on the international economic order .
Legislators Request Action from the Brazilian Government
Political scientists agree : Argentina lacks a political force that can stand up to Peronism and Radicalism .
Uzbekistan is planning to increase its annual cotton target in 2002 despite the fall in cotton prices on the world market , the IRNA [ Iranian ] news agency quoted an Uzbek Agriculture Ministry department head as saying yesterday .
US envoy retired General Anthony Zinni is to arrive in the region under circumstances similar to those that surrounded his first visit to Palestine and Israel .
The Israeli Government says it should have a free hand to storm the Palestinian areas ; assassinate or arrest Palestinian citizens ; demolish homes , headquarters , and establishments ; uproot thousands of trees ; and besiege cities and villages as it likes .
Meanwhile , Israel provokes Palestinians to draw vindictive reactions in order to win the world community 's sympathy , particularly that of the United States , using the international anti-terror war and branding as terrorism any legitimate Palestinian conduct to get rid of occupation and settlements .
Palestinians , during Zinni 's presence in the region , abided by calm and cease-fire and are doing the same now .
Past weeks ' Incidents , President Arafat 's cease-fire declaration , the anti-violence campaign , the other activities that Israel brands terrorism , and Israel 's unjustified escalation show that Palestinians are totally committed to the peace process and the previous agreements and understandings .
The world community , however , believes that in their struggle for liberation and independence , Palestinians seek negotiations for a peaceful settlement as a strategic option and a legitimate rejection of Israel 's colonialism , imposed on the Palestinian people by force for more than 34 years now .
The only change is that the Israeli authorities have denied any link between a number of Palestinian martyrs and prisoners on one hand and the armed organizations on the other , saying they were mere unarmed citizens , who were accidentally present near regular Israeli targets .
The Israeli Government works to abort his mission in advance by storming Palestinian territories , assassinating citizens it alleges have links to security activities , and arresting innocent citizens .
While committing themselves to peace , Palestinians bear this patiently and suppress fury , hoping that the US-dominated world community will acknowledge that Palestinians seek calm and a just peace in order to end occupation and settlement in their territories and to enjoy freedom , dignity , and independence , like other world nations .
For that purpose , Israel likens such reactions to what occured in the United States on 11 September .
This is because the Palestinians have the goal of peace in mind , while the Israeli Government does its utmost to hamper the peace process , entrench occupation , and step up settlement building .
Israel 's provocation is too harsh to be tolerated .
US envoy Zinni is supposed to have realized these clear-cut facts through his reading of the latest developments in the region .
" France , like its partners , is in contact with international financial institutions , " the president said , " and is ready to support the action of the IMF with a view to attaining a solution to this crisis . "
Paris , 2 January : During a telephone conversation on Wednesday [ 2 January ] with the director general of the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , Horst Koehler , President Jacques Chirac stressed the need for Argentina to be able to " make the choices " imposed on it by the crisis it is going through .
Reporting on the conversation , Elysee [ presidency ] spokeswoman Catherine Colonna said that the head of state had " expressed the hope that the Argentine authorities will know how to make the choices needed for their country 's future " .
France 's Chirac says Argentina must make necessary choices
The gangsters demanded NT $ 2 million from him but finally settled for NT $ 800,000 which they withdrew using Huang 's credit card .
Huang claimed the previous day in Taichung that he had been trapped by the gangsters , who had pretended to be his political supporters .
When he arrived , he claimed , one of them offered him a drink and he lost consciousness after drinking it .
Presiding over an inter-agency conference on social order , Chang asked the police to catch the gangsters who allegedly detained Legislator Huang Hsien-chou at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Taipei .
Taipei , Jan. 3 ( CNA ) -- Premier Chang Chun-hsiung expressed alarm Thursday at reports that a legislator was kidnapped and held for three days in a Taipei hotel , saying that his government will do its utmost to stop gangsters from preying on lawmakers .
Chang Fu-shun , 27 , is said to be the younger brother of Chang Hui-hua , who allegedly invited Huang to meet her at the hotel and who Huang claimed was in the hotel room when he was detained .
Huang revealed what he claimed to be the whole story at a news conference Wednesday night after press reports said he had in fact been caught with prostitutes in the hotel and blackmailed .
This directive is issued at a time when the American government is claiming to lead the fight against terrorism throughout the world .
It seems that following the blow that the Americans received on September 11 in New York and Washington , the United States is determined to take justice to pre-historic times .
After all the United States is not violating the rights of one human being , but many many human beings .
Now the United States has issued an assassination order against millions of human beings without having any proof , reason or documentation .
In a coordinated move the European countries all recalled their ambassadors from Tehran in order to put the Islamic Republic of Iran under pressure .
The only reason for this would be opposition to the United States .
If the European countries were honest in the withdrawal of their ambassadors from Iran , blaming Iran for violating human rights , then they should recall their ambassadors from the United States .
US President Bush has ordered the US Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) to assassinate America 's opponents wherever in the world they may be !
No one will allow this human achievement , which is the discovery of God-given human rights , which is achieved after thousands of years of research , to be wasted away .
This was not simply a directive from God that was confirmed by all the clerics throughout the Islamic world .
They said it was an act of terrorism that was against international law and said it crushed human rights principles !
By clarifying the Imam 's edict the Islamic Republic of Iran made the people of the world understand that insulting the Prophet was in fact violating the rights of millions of people throughout the world .
It is obvious no country will put up with this cruelty .
It would therefore be appropriate for all Islamic countries to withdraw their ambassadors from the United States .
When the Imam ( may God be satisfied with him ) issued the fatwa against Salman Rushdie for insulting the Prophet ( peace be upon him ) and the holy Koran , the countries that are so-called supporters of human rights protested against the fatwa .
The United States thinks that it can silence the justice-seeking cries of the peoples of the world with the sound of explosions from 7-ton bombs and it thinks that it can justify its own inhuman behavior in the shadow of this noise .
Alaibe said that the commission was genuinely determined to change the tide of things in Bayelsa and other NDDC states who have been long neglected over years .
In an interview with journalists later , NDDC Executive Director , Finance and Administration , Mr. Timi Alaibe , said that the choice of Odi was a deliberate policy to give the people of the area who are still recovering from the trauma of the 1999 sad incident a sense of belonging .
On the activities of the NDDC , Okere accused the commission of siting projects in non oil producing areas , warning that it might derail from its set objectives .
" With the combined goal of providing free quality health care in this rural areas through the dispensing of prescribed drugs as well as undertaking surgeries that came to the medical site daily , we made it to give the patients we come in contact with health advice and education , hopefully to prevent further problems in the future , " Nortman said .
" However , it is extremely unlikely that the leak occurred during the flight from Paris to Memphis , " Hakansson said .
Yesterday [ 07 January ] , the National Institute of Radiation Protection ( SSI ) announced that it could not exclude the possibility of people who had come into contact with the container suffering acute health effects from radiation .
Studsvik expects to get confirmation of the information it has received today .
" But as we received it from a US official , we believe it is reliable , " Hakansson said .
It will discuss the bills on euthanasia and palliative care that the Senate approved in the autumn of 2001 .
It includes a few VLD [ Flemish Liberal Democrats ] deputies who are very critical of the senators ' work .
A resolution proposed by Yolande Avondroodt ( VLD ) requesting working out a " palliative care plan according to a patient 's needs " is based on this bill .
Ever since then , the Senate 's work has been subject to increasing criticisms , including from groups that support a possible law on euthanasia .
The Chamber apparently wants to push ahead with the debate on euthanasia because available speaking time is very limited .
The criticisms mainly focus on the applicability of the Senate 's bill , the lack of a palliative filter prior to committing euthanasia , the supervisory role of the assessment committee , which is likely to be understaffed , and the nonexistence of fixed penalties for unjustifiable cases of euthanasia .
Moreover , the Chamber 's justice committee seems to want to go it alone regarding the euthanasia debate .
According to the CD & amp ; amp ; V [ Christian Democratic and Flemish ] , this is why this committee has only been given an advisory function .
Nonetheless , he will be made to realize that he can not command the CDU , that his power base lies in Munich and not in Berlin , and that the invitation of kingmakers to accept the crown comes at a cost .
The government is floundering , more seriously than anyone would have thought six months ago .
Certainly , Mr. Stoiber has done everything in his power to spare himself the fate of his mentor , Franz Josef Strauss .
But it was the uncertainty with which her rival , Bavarian Premier Edmund Stoiber of the Christian Social Union , the CDU 's Bavarian sister party , also shrouded himself that made the question of who would lead the Union parties into the 22 September elections as chancellor candidate against incumbent Gerhard Schroeder , so exciting .
Mr. Stoiber seized it once the CDU made clear that it preferred him to its own chairwoman .
Mr. Stoiber has come a long way from his refusal to sacrifice himself for the CDU in an election that once looked impossible to win , through his statement that he would under no circumstances run against the wishes of Ms. Merkel and her party , to his willingness to take her on in a divisive vote if necessary .
The CDU chose him because it believes in victory .
Mr. Stoiber carefully tread the path to the candidacy , spurred on by many and reined in by others
Rather than force himself on the CDU , he waited to be called .
If anyone in their ranks can turn this to their advantage , it is Mr. Stoiber .
That has always been the basic premise for a CSU chairman to accept the candidacy on behalf of the bigger sister party .
Nor will Mr. Stoiber have any illusions of what it means to lead an election campaign , although he can be confident in the knowledge that what is at stake is not Edmund Stoiber , nor the Union , but Germany as a whole .
The Union parties could not have wished for a better situation from which to launch their campaign .
The most cogent argument in Mr. Stoiber 's favor is that he will be running as a hopeful and not as the ticket of last resort .
That Angela Merkel , the chairwoman of the Christian Democratic Union , wanted the job had long been an open secret , although no one but she knew how far she was prepared to go .
Having marginalized their own leader , the CDU grandees can not afford to leave the chancellor candidate in the lurch as well .
But he let slip the opportunities to turn back , because the forces that drive him -- his desire to affect change , his sense of duty to his peers and his ambition -- would not permit him to pass up the biggest chance of his political life .
It does not , of course , guarantee success at the polls -- or even solidarity in the campaign .
In these covenants , the companies pledge to rank among the world leaders in energy efficiency by 2012 .
But it is highly unclear whether these measures will lead to many extra reductions of emissions in comparison with the business as usual scenario without additional policy efforts .
Hence a broad social debate on who should contribute how much to realizing the Kyoto standards is urgently necessary .
Thus the benchmark covenants could be reconciled with the European Commission 's recent proposals for launching a unified market for European carbon dioxide emissions by 2005 .
We readily accept that there are good intentions on the part of both the government and this country 's various sectors to comply with the Kyoto standards .
However , no broad social debate has yet been conducted on the crucial question : How much should each sector or target group contribute to achieving the Belgian Kyoto standard ?
Companies are urged in the proposed covenants to adopt measures which have an economic cost recovery period of less than five years or have an internal rate of return greater than that of a straight-lined obligation .
However , taking into account these external climate costs is essential , because the users of energy-intensive goods are confronted in that way with the consequences of their choice of product .
To begin with , the principle of benchmarking itself raises questions .
This European proposal assumes absolute restrictions on emissions ( companies obtain rights to emit a certain number of tons of carbon dioxide ) and is hence irreconcilable at first sight with the Flemish benchmark covenants .
A cost-efficient division of efforts implies that each sector must limit its emissions to the point at which the additional costs for one extra ton of reduction are the same in all sectors .
According to industry , relocation , with the resulting job losses , would be the only solution .
But benchmarking is not sufficient from the viewpoint of economic efficiency ( realizing the Kyoto restrictions on emissions at the lowest possible costs for the whole of society ) .
This implies -- whether or not one agrees with it -- that the Kyoto protocol will become binding for all of this country 's inhabitants and institutions .
In return for their commitment , they are exempted from additional ( Flemish ) emission restrictions , taxes on emissions , or negotiable emission rights .
Belgian industry is advocating benchmark covenants because it is afraid that an absolute limit would weaken considerably its competitive position with respect to similar companies in regions where the Kyoto protocol is not ratified .
The great advantage of negotiable emission rights in that the system can lead to a cost-efficient division of effort among all sectors and target groups .
Companies could be allocated rights on the basis of an energy efficiency standard , on the condition that they are prepared to accept an absolute emissions ceiling .
Since industry does not wish to let itself be pinned down on an absolute emissions ceiling , while the government feels itself committed to an absolute ceiling , industry is foisting the necessary efforts onto other sectors in society through the benchmark covenants .
However , the benchmark covenants could be opportune here for settling the initial allocation of emission rights .
However , this disregards the fact that arguments other than purely financial ones also play a part in the location decisions of companies in our region ( favorable location near seaports , availability of know-how , well-educated personnel , stable political climate ... ) .
That is strikingly illustrated by Belgian large-scale industry , which has made great efforts over the past 10 years , over which energy intensity ( energy use per unit of final product ) has improved considerably .
By using the benchmark covenants to allocate emission rights initially , the good points of covenants are retained and their drawbacks are eliminated .
Thus the benchmark covenants could have very significant consequences for other sectors and target groups in our society , whereas the latter are not involved in the deliberations on those covenants .
If industrial greenhouse gas emissions increase considerably over the next 10 years , that will have to be offset by a commensurate reduction of emissions in the transport sector , services , households , and so forth .
Large-scale industry wishes to counter the expected rise with so-called benchmark covenants .
Despite these shortcomings , we believe that a role is reserved for the instrument of benchmark covenants .
As a result , the costs of additional restrictions on emissions in industry must be compared with those of other sectors , such as the transport sector , households , the service sector , and so forth .
Third , questions can be asked about the emission restrictions that would be achieved by the covenants .
Second , benchmark covenants do not guarantee that the external climate costs of energy use ( the increased greenhouse effect caused by the burning of fossil fuels ) are correctly taken into account in the final products of the sectors concerned .
Benchmarking guarantees only that companies belong to the top of their class , but says nothing about that class 's performance as compared with the whole universe .
Only a division that takes account of every sector 's possibilities and is borne by the various target groups guarantees that Belgium will achieve its Kyoto aims without draconian measures having to be adopted at the eleventh hour .
In any case , it is high time that a social debate be organized on the division of effort to achieve the Kyoto aims .
But a very considerable increase in production is expected in Belgium over the next 10 years , so that ( even with very efficient processes ) overall carbon dioxide emissions will certainly rise .
Those covenants contain insufficient guarantees in themselves to achieve the Belgian/Flemish reduction targets in an economically efficient manner .
Because this debate has failed to take place , it is understandable that all sectors ( ranging from processing and manufacturing industrial sector , the electricity sector , the tertiary sector , and the transport sector to the residential sector ) are currently doing their utmost to make their own future efforts as small ( yet acceptable ) as possible .
However , if they wish to emit more ( because , for instance , their output is increasing considerably ) , they can do so provided that they purchase the necessary emission rights from companies which have a surplus of rights .
Havana , January 12 ( XINHUA ) -- Cuba will not create obstacles to the U.S. decision to hold part of the Taliban and al-Qaeda war prisoners at the U.S. naval base of Guantanamo , the Cuban government said in a statement on Friday .
This is the first time that the Cuban government has expressed its position over the U.S. holding of the Taliban and al-Qaeda prisoners in its territory .
The United States has refused to give up the facility , which is sealed from Cuba by a heavily guarded , 27- kilometer perimeter fence , despite Cuban objection to its continued existence .
Indian forces retaliated , killing four Pakistani soldiers and destroying six bunkers , he said .
" About 90 percent of foreigners ' missing passports are Korean 's , and the missing passports are being used mostly for crimes like illegal entry , downgrading the nation 's credibility in the international community , " the official said .
The figures are feared to be higher since many cases were not reported , an embassy official said .
Beijing , Jan. 12 ( Yonhap ) -- Criminals have been increasingly preying on Korean travellers and residents in China with the increase of exchanges between the two countries since the opening of diplomatic relations in 1992 .
Irabini said he explained to them that Misuari was being held for rebellion , and not because " he was a Muslim , a member of the Bangsamoro people or an MNLF leader . "
" For the sake of peace , " he said .
Sen. Aquilino Pimentel expressed the same apprehension .
As this developed , the number of lawyers who will defend Misuari grew to 28 , after former Davao City Mayor Benjamin de Guzman and two others agreed to serve as his counsel .
" If the government was able to extend amnesty to our Christian brothers , like ( former renegade Army officer Gregorio ) " Gringo " Honasan and others , why ca n't it accord the same privilege to Chairman Misuari ? " Rasul asked
Iribani said he explained to the Muslim leaders that Misuari 's personal demands , including access to the media , could not be granted because these were not within his rights as a detainee .
Local Government Assistant Secretary Abraham Iribani called on Saturday for sobriety among Muslim leaders and Moro National Liberation Front commanders amid alleged attempts by certain groups to start a religious war over Misuari 's detention .
The deportation of Misuari by Malaysia also drew flak from opposition legislators who warned that it could trigger a reaction in the government 's peace efforts .
Rasul said they could not understand why the government was so hard on Misuari when it was lenient with other leaders who revolted in the past .
Rasul told Radio Mindanao Network here that some 1,000 members of the Misuari force have been on standby and are prepared to spring their leader from detention in Sta . Rosa , Laguna , at anytime .
MacArthur Rasul , who claims to be a spokesperson of Misuari 's Mutallah Force , said the group was just waiting for orders to mount the rescue operation .
" If Chairman Misuari would go against ( the rescue ) , we can not do otherwise ( but follow ) because he is our commander in chief , " he said .
But while admitting to the plot , Rasul said Misuari 's followers were also appealing to the Macapagal administration to free their leader .
Aside from the sensitive legal questions , Pimentel said there is a growing impression that Misuari could pose a security threat to the country .
" We should remain calm and let the law take its course , " Iribani , designated government spokesperson for Misuari 's case , said he told a group of Muslim leaders and MNLF commanders in a dialogue in Zamboanga City .
Some Moro groups had claimed Misuari 's detention was an affront to the Muslim people and should be cause for a " Muslim war . "
Misuari 's other lawyers warned yesterday the country 's judicial system , more than their client , will be on trial because of the legal nuances surrounding his arrest .
" I told them the act of rebellion happened in public and the charges were not just fabricated , " Iribani said in a phone interview .
Rasul admitted , however , that even if there was a strong desire among Misuari 's followers to free him , the plan would fail if the jailed rebel leader went against it .
Iribani also dismissed reports that renegade MNLF commanders were plotting to stage bomb attacks in Mindanao and Metro Manila to protest Misuari 's arrest .
Maguindanao Rep. Didagen Dilangalen said the prosecution of Misuari for rebellion could force the government to revive the cases against other rebel leaders , particularly of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front and the National Democratic Front .
De Guzman said it was lawyer Macapanton Abbas Jr. who asked him , former vice mayor Dominador Zuno Jr. and city councilor Victorio Advincula to join the team of lawyers that would defend Misuari in court .
COTABATO CITY - An alleged member of Nur Misuari 's elite force said Saturday there is a plan to rescue their jailed leader .
" That 's not true , " he said .
The ambiguity of the case is " an obstacle to the resumption of efforts to launch the Tenet-Mitchell plan .
After Israel seized the ship , Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon demanded the arrest of the Palestinian officials who , the Israelis claim , were behind the attempt to smuggle weapons into the Gaza Strip .
" It is necessary now to find out the truth about the ship which was carrying weapons to be smuggled , and punish those guilty , " Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Saltanov told Interfax .
He threatened to keep Yasser Arafat stranded in Ramallah , in the West Bank , until the Palestinian leader has fulfilled this and other conditions .
MOSCOW . Jan 14 ( Interfax ) - Russia stands for the quickest possible investigation of an incident late in December in which Israel seized a ship in the Red Sea loaded with weapons to be smuggled into the Palestinian self-ruled territory , a senior official said on Monday .
" If Arafat fails to fulfill them he will be there [ in Ramallah ] for as long as I remain prime minister , " Sharon warned .
Dostum is expected to reach Ankara in the coming days .
Dostum is expected to leave for Turkey following the inauguration ceremony of Uzbek Consulate in Mazar-e-Sharif .
The newspaper presented Turover as a key informer in this affair and the Spanish-Israeli businessman affirmed that these leaks had put his life in danger .
Pavel Borodin , the former property manager of the Kremlin , is suspected of having laundered some $ 25 million in secret commissions which came from two Swiss companies headquartered in the Tessin ( southeast ) region -- Mercata , and Mabetex -- in exchange for being awarded the contracts for the renovation of the Kremlin and the Russian presidential aircraft in 1995 and 1996 .
He agreed to be extradited to Switzerland April 7th .
The communique from his lawyer affirms that the Swiss authorities , the Federal Tribunal , and the Swiss Public Ministry " have given proof of illegality and political persecution . "
At the end of June 2001 , the Swiss Public Ministry rejected a complaint from Turover against a former Ministry official , Carla Del Ponte -- today a lawyer with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) -- in which Turover accused her of putting his life in danger during this case ; in November the rejection was upheld by the Federal Tribunal , which is Switzerland 's highest court .
Mabetex , a construction company , is suspected of having landed public contracts for renovating the Kremlin and other Russian official buildings by offering bribes worth a dozen million dollars in 1995 and 1996 to close associates of former Russian president Boris Yeltsin , including to Borodin .
Today , Turover is accusing the Swiss authorities of having violated on several occasions the European Convention on Human Rights .
Turover accused Mme .
Lugano , 8 Jan -- Spanish-Israeli businessman Felipe Turover has denounced the Swiss in front of the European Human Rights Court in Strasbourg for having put his life in danger in its case against [ Secretary of the Russian-Belarus Union ] Pavel Borodin , former Kremlin senior aid accused of money laundering , according to a communique Tuesday from his lawyer Niccolo Salvioni .
According to the communique , received at the Swiss news agency ATS , the 37-year-old M. Turover -- considered by the Swiss courts as a key witness -- had asked the Swiss Government and the Swiss Public Ministry that he be put under protection , believing himself threatened by the Russian Mafia because of leaks by Swiss court officials .
American intelligence agencies - doubly embarrassed by their failure to foresee the Sept. 11 attack and their inability to locate Usama Bin Ladin - are probably not picky about who they subject to " intense interrogation . "
There are , however , a couple of problems with this understandable , if knee-jerk , response .
Yet it refuses to treat those it has captured in the course of this war as prisoners of war .
More likely though , the U.S. is using the broadest of brooms to sweep up detainees for Cuba .
Instead , it refers to them as " unlawful combatants " not entitled to the protection of the 1949 Geneva Convention , which the U.S. signed and which sets out rules for treating enemy soldiers .
( The blindfolding , deliberate disorientation , discomfort and constant light are staples of police states all over the world .
To be more precise , prisoners of war are not to be treated like those jailed by the U.S. at its Guantanamo Bay naval base in Cuba .
But the world is a perverse place .
Washington is brazen about its flouting of international law , secure in the knowledge that neither its citizens not its allies will complain .
Is the war on terrorism a war or is it not ?
First , it assumes that those selected for Guantanamo are connected to the Sept. 11 attacks .
It is considered legitimate self-defence for the U.S. and its allies to invade Afghanistan .
It shackles them , houses them in unprotected chain link compounds ( in Cuba , of all places ) and threatens " intense interrogation . "
The U.S. government says that the terrorist attack on New York City was an act of war .
So if Sept. 11 was an act of war , why are those captured in the aftermath not treated as prisoners of war ?
Many ( including me ) saw the attacks on New York as a monstrous criminal outrage , rather than an act of war .
But clearly it was meant to apply to the Taliban and Al Qa'ida fighters captured after vicious battles in Afghanistan , fighters who made no secret of who they were , what they were supporting and who they thought their enemies were .
Their captors are forbidden from inflicting " outrages upon personal dignity " or " inhumane and degrading treatment . "
Perhaps it is perverse to have rules for warfare .
And so , since the late 19th century , most nations that call themselves civilized have adhered to such rules .
But President George W. Bush determined otherwise .
Let us hope that , in this instance , the terrible equation does not hold .
Anyone waging war on the U.S. would have targeted Manhattan in the hope of damaging the American economy - as the World Trade Center attack did .
But it sets a dangerous precedent for all soldiers who face capture in the so-called war on terrorism , including Canada 's .
Why is it not considered equally legitimate for the Afghans and their allies to resist this invasion ?
The assumption is that what we do to them will be done to us .
The idea is to break down the inmate , weaken him from lack of sleep and thereby make him more pliable when the interrogators begin their serious work ) .
Maybe some are ( although the world would have a better idea if the U.S. , in line with the Geneva Convention , specified just who it was holding ) .
But if Sept. 11 was an act of war , then it becomes , in a weird way , less monstrous .
These are not abstract questions .
But then , if they were dealt with properly , the U.S. would have less leeway .
The more fundamental problem , though , has to do with logic .
Countries sign on to the Geneva Convention not to be altruistic but to ensure that their own soldiers will be well treated if captured .
This may be convenient for Washington .
Indeed , many Americans ( and some Canadians ) probably think anyone connected to the Sept. 11 terror attacks deserves whatever he gets .
The press secretary of the Iranian embassy in Tajikistan , Alii Tusi [ name transliterated ] , told Asia-Plus that the decision had been taken at a meeting last week between an Iranian delegation and the administration of Soghd Region and Khujand .
The main aim of the visit was to reach agreements on expanding economic ties between Iranian investors and businessmen in Soghd .
But the premier also said that although short , he thinks his visits to the countries are still meaningful .
Even if it 's only for a day or two , it is significant to visit a country and exchange views with the people of the country in person , " he said .
" But when I think of my duties as prime minister , I ca n't visit one country and not go to the other , or stay in one country for three days and stay in the other for only a day .
" Of course , if I step down as prime minister , I can visit one country for a week each , " he said .
" I would like to visit various countries at a more leisurely pace -- meet with the people of the land and travel not only to the capital but also to rural cities for sightseeing , " the premier told a gathering in Tokyo .
" There is a saying , seeing is believing .
If I am to visit several countries in a limited time , it is always one or two days at best , " he said .
Tokyo , Jan. 17 Kyodo -- Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi , who just completed a whirlwind tour of five Southeast Asian nations , said Thursday he longed for more leisurely trips -- but added that may have to wait until he leaves his post .
Washington is already under fire from human rights groups for its treatment of prisoners captured in Afghanistan and held at Guantanamo Bay .
" One can not neglect the fact that BiH , as member of the United Nations , is obliged to strictly respect the UN resolution dated September 28 last year , which obliges UN members to cooperate on the plan of exchange of information and cooperation on prevention of terrorist activities , " read a statement from the team .
SARAJEVO , Jan 18 ( ONASA ) -- The decision on extradition of six Algerians to the United States is in accordance with the responsibility and authorities of the BiH Federation bodies and international obligations , the coordination team for anti-terrorism said in a statement on Friday [ 18 January ] .
The US embassy said the suspects would be treated humanely and in accordance with international law .
" We have taken custody of these individuals due to our concern about their activity in BiH , which both posed a credible security threat to US personnel and facilities and demonstrated involvement in international terrorism , " it said .
He said the government had not been aware of the ruling by Bosnia 's Human Rights Chamber that measures should be taken to stop four of the suspects being taken out of the country .
A Bosnian government official insisted the appeal had already been rejected and legal procedures had been followed .
The Supreme Court of Bosnia 's Muslim-Croat federation ruled on Thursday there was no reason to detain the six .
Bosnian authorities have handed over to US custody six Algerians detained in October on suspicion of involvement in terrorism but ordered released this week by a local court , the US embassy said on Friday .
Washington insisted it would not have acted without credible evidence , but the transfer exposed it to more criticism from campaigners who have accused it of disregarding human rights in its declared " war on terror . "
Not only had a court ordered their release on Thursday but the state 's top human rights body had instructed authorities to prevent four being taken out of the country by force .
" It violates the rule of law . "
The men had appealed against that decision , however , and Rees said they should not have been deported until that process was complete .
Local police arrested them in October , acting on a US tip after threats closed the US and British embassies for several days .
" The legal procedure in this case has been fully respected so far , " said Jusif Halilagic , a deputy minister who represents the government in the chamber .
International officials said US officials had not been willing to provide Bosnia 's justice system with the intelligence information that prompted their detention .
" It 's very disappointing , " Madeleine Rees , head of the Bosnia office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , said of the operation .
The six have been accused of having links to the al-Qa'ida network of fugitive Usama Bin Ladin .
A Bosnian government official said legal procedures had been respected in the case , but a senior UN human rights officer in Bosnia said they had been " trampled over . "
" For us there can not be special courts .
Darcy Christen also said that among the prisoners transferred to the US navy base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , were three British citizens and possibly some French speakers .
The US has caused controversy by stating the detainees are " unlawful combatants " and have no rights under the Geneva Convention .
" If a doubt exists as to the status of a person , this doubt must be decided by a tribunal acting on the basis of judicial guarantees , " he added .
" It is important to be able to repeat these visits , " he said .
The findings from the visit , which got under way on Friday and is expected to last at least one week , will be presented directly to US authorities , Christen told reporters .
As long as this confidentiality will allow us to get results in the humanitarian sphere we will keep to it , " he said , adding it would be the first of a series of visits .
The ICRC considers , however , that they are prisoners of war protected by the Third Geneva Convention of 1949 .
Christen said " detainees from the battle field " did not exist as a category under humanitarian law , adding that in an international armed conflict anyone captured on the battlefield was presumed a prisoner of war .
" Confidentiality will be respected in this case .
However , the Geneva-based ICRC did not know the number nor the nationality , he said following a comment on Thursday that there could have been French nationals among them .
We want to avoid expeditious justice , " he said .
" They are going about their task that has been set for them , identifying those who claim to be British citizens and reporting on the welfare of those who claim to be British citizens and assisting the US authorities with legal inquiries into the terrorist atrocities . "
The United States earlier this week said British diplomats could have access to Britons held among the detainees , whose cramped and spartan conditions have caused much criticism among human rights groups around the world .
A spokesman for Prime Minister Tony Blair refused to say how many British officials had travelled to the camp .
London insists it supports US reassurances that the men are being treated humanely , although there has also been criticism here over why it was taking diplomats so long to see the men .
Some $ 76 billion of the $ 132 billion debt is accounted for by foreign loans , which were lavished on Argentina .
Because of the misguided policies of Argentina 's politicians , Argentina is in a state of stagnation for a fourth consecutive years .
Foreign debts are around $ 132 billion and poverty is dominating the country like a dangerous virus .
The main problem that caused the recent shock is also a result of the restrictive economic policies that have been adopted on the advice of IMF experts .
Another important point is Argentina 's connections with the global economy .
What is clear is that Argentina 's paralyzed economy was unable to tolerate the government 's hardline policies , which finally resulted in the situation that we are witnessing today .
Although IMF officials deny any connection their policies and the current situation , reports indicate that now an IMF executive delegation is actively making changes to Argentina 's economy .
Riots and widespread strikes , attacks on government buildings , and the plundering of stores have left scores of dead and casualties .
3 -- Finally , what fate awaits Argentina 's crisis-stricken economy ?
Public dissatisfaction and an increase in the people 's anger in this country have finally resulted in the collapse of Fernando Delaroe 's government following several days of protest .
However , there are a few ambiguous points , such as : 1 -- What amount of Argentina 's economic crisis is due to its relations with the global economy and how much effect will it have on the European and US economies due to its present stagnation ?
2 -- What reaction is likely from other countries and international institutions to the government 's new policies , for instance halting the payment of debts ?
The important point is that Argentina has enjoyed the IMF 's advice in the execution of these policies .
The profound economic crisis in Argentina has coincided with a wave of social tension during recent days .
Anyway , now in addition to the IMF , the US government , as the biggest investor in Argentina 's economy , is ignoring its commitments in the current situation .
Newspaper reports here Saturday said that it had also sent intelligence agents to interrogate the detainees , something the Foreign Office refused to comment on .
The cross-party Parliamentary Human Rights Committee said it was lobbying for a meeting with US ambassador to London William Farish over fears that the 110 detainees held at Camp X-Ray , Guantanamo Bay , are being kept in inhumane conditions .
London meanwhile insists it supports US reassurances that the men are being treated humanely .
" It 's time we became much firmer with the Americans and insisted on the human rights we are all signed up to . "
Ann Clwyd , chairperson for the committee and a member of the ruling Labour party , said it was " playing with words " to suggest that the detainees were not prisoners of war .
Clwyd said the purpose of meeting Farish was to " to voice concern about the treatment of all the people taken prisoner in Afghanistan , not just the ones being held in Cuba , and we want an acceptance that they are prisoners of war . "
We fought the war shoulder to shoulder , now it seems that we are being frozen out of the aftermath .
She added that there was " substantial concern " among Labour members and called for a government statement on the situation .
" It 's time we had a clear statement on the position of the prisoners and what the British role now is .
The United States says the detainees are illegal combatants , not prisoners of war , and thus do not have rights under the Geneva Convention of 1949 , which sets out the laws of war .
LONDON , Jan 19 ( AFP ) -- British members of parliament Saturday [ 19 January ] called for a meeting with the US ambassador and urged the government to make a clear statement in response to growing concerns about the treatment of al-Qa'ida suspects , including three Britons , held at an US detention centre in Cuba .
Straw pointed out the United States had accepted visits to Guantanamo Bay by a team from the International Committee of the Red Cross and by British officials .
LONDON , Jan 20 ( AFP ) -- Britain said Sunday [ 20 January ] that al-Qa'ida suspects held at a US base in Cuba must be treated humanely , following the release of photographs showing prisoners kneeling , manacled , blindfolded and wearing ear muffs .
London has previously insisted it supports US reassurances that the men are being treated humanely .
" They ( the prisoners ) can hear nothing , smell nothing , feel nothing , " the middle-market tabloid said .
He also said Britain was seeking information from the United States about the circumstances in which photographs of the detainees , which appeared on the front pages of British newspapers Sunday , were taken .
" Manacled hand and foot , they kneel in submission .
" We have always made that clear and the Americans have said they share this view . "
The pictures of the detainees " shackled like wild animals " were so shocking that they were " certain to intensify the international outrage at the conditions in which they are being kept " the Mail on Sunday said .
The right-wing Mail on Sunday , which could normally be expected to support the United States over its " war on terrorism " , ran the photographs under the headline " Tortured " .
" The British government 's position is that prisoners , regardless of their technical status , should be treated humanely and in accordance with customary international law , " said Foreign Secretary Jack Straw in a statement .
Is this how ( US president George W. ) Bush and ( British Prime Minister Tony ) Blair defend our civilisation ? "
The United States says the detainees are illegal combatants , not prisoners of war , and thus do not have rights under the Geneva Convention of 1949 , which sets out the laws of war .
The explosion -- apparently caused by a device left in a rubbish bin -- which occurred seven kilometres ( 4.3 miles ) away from the conference venue on Saturday , blew off the victim 's lower left arm , injured his leg and left him in a coma .
News reports said all the explosions were suspected to have been set by one person or one group .
Australia has already said it would prefer a civil trial or an international tribunal .
According to the US administration , they can be tried outside US territory before secret military courts and they can be condemned , even to death , without the assurance of having been found guilty " beyond all reasonable doubt " .
A court-martial according to the usual procedure would have guaranteed them a much sturdier legal defence .
Humanitarian organizations , however , believe that the Geneva Convention can be applied to these prisoners and that it states that they must be treated humanely and be subject to other rights in the place that has been baptized " Camp X-Ray " , in allusion to the building of the covered sheds with barbed wire in place of walls [ that house the prisoners ] .
It may be the moment to offer the world 's television channels , from CNN to Qatar 's Al-Jazeera , full access [ to the camp ] .
Guaranteeing justice in the way we perceive it , even for the possible promoters of terrorism , is a question of principles that impedes , among other things , comparisons with the regime on the other side of the fence to the US base .
It is an idea that could be worked on , especially since , in contrast to the fate of those held at the Cuban base , John Walker , the 20-year-old US " convert " to the Taleban being held in Afghanistan , will be tried with the full protection of the law by a civil court in the USA and , at the moment , stands accused of crimes that do not carry the death penalty , although they could put him in jail for life .
Perhaps this is why Fidel Castro has not spoken out against what might go on in Guantanamo .
A team from the International Red Cross is interviewing each of more than 100 Taleban and Al-Qa'idah members being held prisoner in Guantanamo about the treatment they are receiving , a situation that Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld has said does not interest him .
Everyone should be given the same opportunities and protection before the law so , by the same token , suspected members of Al-Qa'idah being held in Europe , whose numbers have risen in recent days , will be tried by civil courts , including in Spain .
If the Bush administration is stubborn enough to persist with this attitude , it could cause a rift with a European public opinion that showed only solidarity and generosity after the terrorist attacks of 11 September .
It could also alienate itself from a large part of its allies , even if , militarily speaking , Washington is conducting its campaign in virtual isolation .
The US Association of Legal Professionals is of the opinion that these military tribunals can not pass sentence on any crimes other than those derived from violations of the right to war .
The Geneva Convention rules that prisoners must be freed or repatriated after the hostilities have ended .
The emergency legislation carried through in the wake of 11 September means that the USA does not see these detainees from Afghanistan as prisoners of war to be treated according to the Geneva Convention , whose 1997 protocol it has yet to sign , but as " unlawful combatants " , or " people arrested on the battlefield " .
Spanish daily warns USA its treatment of suspects could alienate allies
A clear contradiction of this situation is the fact that , in response to a terrorist action , Washington has gone to war in Afghanistan , even if it has n't officially declared war on the country .
The USA 's credibility will be tarnished if it allows the prisoners captured in Afghanistan and transferred to Guantanamo , the naval base it holds in Cuba , to face military courts without any guarantee whatsoever of a fair trial .
Proof of that is the refusal to treat the 110 detainees in Guantanamo and the hundreds held in Afghanistan as prisoners of war .
The official explanations - they had just got off the plane , the masks are for fear of spreading tuberculosis , they are dangerous - hardly ring true , they discredit the USA and would seem to confirm the prevalent assumption in many allied countries that the superpower has decided to wage war and administer justice all on its own .
In the event of disagreement , as is the case now , with the USA insisting that the issue concerns terrorists who do not belong to any state and who do not have rights as prisoners , the final decision should be left in the hands of " an appropriate tribunal " , which must be impartial and independent , as Article 5 of the third Geneva Convention states .
Thanks to their efforts and to pressure from allied governments , notably the British government , the commandant at Guantanamo has now allowed the Red Cross into the base with the freedom to interview as many detainees as they please .
The sooner the inhumane treatment of detainees is put to a end , the better .
The fact that the photographs have been distributed to the press voluntarily by the US authorities would suggest that they are n't even aware of what they are doing or , worse still , that they do n't care .
As Amnesty International has pointedly remarked , the photographs of the detainees in Guantanamo that the US army has unashamedly seen fit to release are reminiscent of the torture centres of eastern Europe in the Cold War .
" They 're terrorists , they 're murderers and the USA will treat them as it pleases , " is Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld 's reply to the critics .
It 's a step in the right direction , but it 's only the start .
Holding detainees in handcuffs and shackles is not acceptable in a democracy , nor is depriving them of all their senses by putting blindfolds over their eyes , surgical masks over their mouths and noses , and gloves on their hands to disorientate them and subject them to sensory deprivation .
Spanish daily urges USA to end " inhumane treatment " of Al-Qa'idah suspects
Fortunately , not everyone in the Bush administration is of the same opinion .
Even before these pictures [ were released ] , Human Rights Watch had described the 1.8 by 2.4 metre cages where the prisoners are held as scandalous .
For Amnesty International , the Red Cross and any self-respecting democrat , they are prisoners of war and should be treated according the Geneva Convention .
Wang Lequan , secretary of the regional committee of the Communist Party of China , has listed comprehensive treatment of the Tarim River and the project to ship natural gas from Xinjiang to eastern China as the most important projects for this year .
The upgrading and especially the last part - the boosting unit - have made it possible " to surge on the foreign market " and provided for a great economic and commercial effect from the launch of an upgraded Proton rocket-booster , said Medvedev .
According to Koptev , such interaction with Europe would make it possible for six spacemen to be on board the ISS rather than the current three , as well as to use a Russian Soyuz rocket as a rescue spaceship .
As such they face the prospect of being subjected to the due course of law and in the final analysis perhaps sentenced to death in closed military courts instead of in open courts , as is the right of prisoners of war under the terms of the Geneva Convention .
And for this reason , too , they have a moral duty to speak out , as Swedish Foreign Minister Anna Lindh , among others , did yesterday .
In an antiterrorist war that at the time was initially launched as Operation Infinite Justice , it is infinitely difficult to reconcile oneself to the pictures of chained and humiliated Taliban and al-Qaida prisoners at the U.S. Guantanamo base on Cuba .
The pictures resemble an attempt to satisfy a primitive thirst for revenge and convince the Americans that the Bush administration has not only succeeded in removing a regime of religious madmen in out-of-the-way Afghanistan , but also in taking prisoner some of those responsible for the terrorist acts on that day in September .
With its behavior , therefore , the United States is not only compromising the image of the war against terrorism as an expression of a higher form of justice , but also of itself as an unshakeable defender of this same justice .
Many of them have already demonstrated great skill in their own behavior when it comes to exploiting the West 's fear of terrorism .
The U.S. and most recently the British governments reject the suggestion that the prisoners are being harmed , but this does not alter the fact that the pictures of hooded prisoners in chains are in themselves enough to paint a picture of a United States that in the name of self-righteousness - and equally worryingly : without any great amount of debate - has allowed itself to infringe international rules .
This will undoubtedly rub off on the superpower 's allies , including Denmark .
Otherwise they face the risk not only of undermining the legitimacy of their own antiterrorism war at present , but also of sending out a signal that despots around the world will know how to exploit .
For most people it will of course be difficult to mobilize any great degree of understanding for those responsible for the bloody terrorism in the United States on that day in September , but what is at issue here is that at the present moment principles are at stake that could have far-reaching repercussions for the future war against terrorism .
Instead the superpower has entered a legal fog where the prisoners have been stamped with a nonsense term in international law : " battlefield prisoners . "
This impression is reinforced by the fact that for the time being at least the United States has ignored the Geneva Convention and refused to treat those taken prisoner as prisoners of war - something to which they have a right - until a competent court has decided differently .
" The prisoners must be treated with respect for their integrity and religion , and they must be given a fair trial , " Fogh Rasmussen says .
The Danish People 's Party sees no reason to criticize the United States .
Otherwise it must be a matter between the United States and the countries which have citizens who are directly affected , " Peter Skaarup said , alluding to the United Kingdom and Sweden .
Even though we support their action , we should criticize this form of treatment of prisoners , " Socialist People 's Party Chairman Holger K. Nielsen said .
" I do not have all the information , but there are some questionable aspects in the U.S. approach , " political spokesman Mogens Lykketoft ( Social Democratic Party ) told Ritzau Bureau .
The Socialist People 's Party is sending an " urgent call " to the government to deliver official criticism to the United States .
On Monday Liberal Party foreign affairs spokesman Troels Lund Poulsen said that the debate on prisoners ' rights is " an intellectual discussion . "
" This could of course become necessary if a Dane were involved .
" The U.S. Government has announced that the United States will respect its international commitments , " Fogh Rasmussen said at his weekly press conference on Tuesday [ 22 January ] .
The Swedish Government has also expressed concern about the prisoners ' rights .
Fogh : They Must Be Given a Fair Trial
The Social Democratic Party takes the view that the Danish Government should raise its voice against the United States .
" I expect the United States to satisfy the requirements of the international conventions , " Per Stig Moller said at a press conference in Berlin on Monday .
I can imagine that the United States has had good reasons for transporting them to Cuba , " foreign affairs spokesman Peter Skaarup ( Danish People 's Party ) says .
As long as no Danes are involved , the Danish People 's Party does not think that Denmark should interfere .
Danish People 's Party : Are They Danes ?
He will now ask the foreign minister to give a written reply outlining the government 's position on the issue .
Criticism From the Red Cross
We must focus on the treatment of them . "
He fails to mention , however , that on the international stage the Red Cross has subsequently criticized the U.S. treatment of prisoners .
" To begin with , I have great confidence that what the Americans are doing in relation to these prisoners is reasonable .
Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen ( Liberal Party ) has voiced his approval of the U.S. treatment of the 144 al-Qaida prisoners at the U.S. Guantanamo military base on Cuba .
Per Stig Moller : Give Them Rights
" Social Democratic Party : Raise Denmark 's Voice
Foreign Minister Per Stig Moller ( Conservative People 's Party ) is urging the United States to guarantee the prisoners the status of prisoners of war and in consequence protection under the terms of the Geneva Convention .
" It can not be the duty of the Danish Government to applaud everything that the Americans do .
EU foreign affairs spokesman Javier Solana , among others , has also criticized the United States for not recognizing the al-Qaida prisoners as prisoners of war as understood in the Geneva Convention .
" Of course the United States has a point when it says that it can be difficult to decide who are terrorists and who are prisoners of war .
However , we may be witnessing a distortion of reality , and even in some cases pure falsehoods .
The result of the report will have to be taken into account before political and moral judgments of guilty or not guilty are made .
If these accusations are confirmed , the only possible definition will be torture and the violation of human rights .
The photos were sent voluntarily to the press by the American authorities , who clarified that they depicted a group of 20 dangerous prisoners who had recently arrived at the base and undergone a process of identification prior to their confinement .
Spanish daily urges caution in judging USA 's treatment of suspects
But this enormous difference is not enough .
These were in no way their normal living conditions .
Nor does it seem proper to cite the fact that the base is not on American soil because it is a rented base .
It must be known as soon as possible whether or not terror has been established in Guantanamo .
But the decisive fact is the presence for days of the International Committee of the Red Cross , which is preparing a report and which , as usual , has refused to make any statements .
Indications exist that the system to which the prisoners are subjected is excessively harsh .
It is another matter to launch into scandal or anti-Americanism .
The United States government does not help dispel the suspicions when it refuses to consider them prisoners of war and therefore to apply the Geneva Convention to them .
In any case , the attitude of the American authorities has nothing to do with the one previously and currently displayed by dictatorships and totalitarian systems , including communist ones , which permit neither inspection nor the dissemination of photographs .
Critics condemn the inhumane nature of the treatment the prisoners are receiving , handcuffed , immobilized with shackles , subjected to sensory deprivation and confined to minute cells .
But for the time being , what exist are indications and shadows of suspicion which must materialize or be dispelled through knowledge of the facts from the relevant reports .
Herein lies the difference .
Backing from a majority of the public would not serve , either , as justification for the possible excesses and violations of rights .
Presumed war criminals such as Milosevic enjoy all the guarantees of a fair trial , but the Taliban and al-Qa'ida fighters at Guantanamo will get a trial which falls far short of the basic standards of the US Constitution and the treaty on civil and political rights ratified by the United States .
The consequences of 11 September are also making themselves felt far from the battlefield .
There is , in the first place , the case of the military action in Afghanistan .
There is a great deal of truth in that , but in the light of what has happened afterwards , the question arises as to whether the Americans and their allies themselves are not sometimes inclined to sacrifice these values for the " good cause . "
It is all the more to be deplored that such statements come from somebody who , as a senior commander , serves as an example to others regarding the observance of rules of humanitarian law .
Through that , the United States can detain and try anybody who is not a US citizen and who is suspected of being a member of al-Qa'ida or of being involved in international terrorism in one way or another .
There also seems to be a difference among the foreigners : In all likelihood , captured British fighters will be sent to Britain after questioning .
There is no doubt that a military operation and intensified security measures were imperative after the terrible tragedy of 11 September .
Apart from the reasons or justification for such an action , all the combatants ' war conduct must be constantly tested against the standards of international humanitarian law ; that is , the rules which curb the use of force during a military operation .
Even if these attacks were directed against a clear military target , the large number of civilian casualties would still never be justifiable , because whoever plans a military attack must take all precautions to prevent such a tragedy .
Other states have used the US tragedy to polish their own image .
The need for timely and accurate information about possible new attacks is naturally particularly great , but whether the global ban on torture can be abused on that account is another matter .
However , the ends -- dealing with those opponents -- does not justify all the means .
Humanitarian law leaves no doubt that those who fall captive in their opponent 's hands are entitled at all times to decent treatment , even if they do not qualify for prisoner of war status .
Appeal is not possible , but the death penalty is .
That al-Qa'ida terrorists and Taliban fighters are not very concerned about the human suffering that they have caused is also generally known .
Now , nearly two months later , concern about the fate of the captive Taliban and al-Qa'ida fighters has further increased .
Such a building enjoys the highest possible protection , and can and should never be the object of an attack , unless it is clearly established that it is being used for military purposes .
It is stated in black and white that it is hardly feasible for these commissions to apply the normal principles of law and rules of evidence .
In the media , the possibility of questioning presumed terrorists very roughly is also being considered aloud .
Newspaper headlines such as " United Nations Confirms US Bombing of Village and Mosque " and " 100 Killed in Bombing in Eastern Afghanistan " speak for themselves .
Hence you can hardly speak of a " targeting error " when a Red Cross warehouse , although clearly recognizable by the large red cross painted on the roof , was shelled twice by US aircraft .
Whenever there is a suspicion that a foreigner is involved in international terrorism , he will be arrested and imprisoned .
Transporting these people , shackled hand and foot and with hoods over their heads , shaving their beards -- which form part of their religious identity -- and their " accommodation " in half-open and cages that are much too small can probably never pass this test ...
What raises even more questions is the order that President Bush issued last November .
Under the protest of international and US human rights organizations but with the approval of large sections of the population , antiterrorism measures are being adopted in great haste .
Shortly after its decision to take military action , the Bush administration also decided to provide the press with only sparse information about the course of the operation .
Although it is doubtful that all the news reaches us from Afghanistan , a great many press reports suggest that humanitarian law was violated regularly over the past few weeks .
The attacks on the World Trade Center Towers and the Pentagon were attacks on the freedoms and values for which the United States and the Western world stand , President Bush declared shortly afterward , and many people in Europe repeated it after him .
Back in 1949 , it was agreed by nearly all the states in the world that the sufferings of war must henceforth become more bearable , especially for those who are not directly involved in the conflict .
In addition , attempts must be made to prevent any unnecessary suffering by both military personnel and civilians by , for instance , imposing restrictions on the use of weapons .
Because press freedom -- the jewel of the US Constitution -- can be restricted for reasons of national security .
Not only with the protection of the civilian population does something sometimes go wrong .
Consequently , evidence will be accepted that " a normal person " deems to have the value of evidence .
In December 2001 , the UK proclaimed a state of emergency and passed the Antiterrorism , Crime , and Security Act .
Moving the captives to the Guantanamo Bay military base on Cuba is rightly whipping up a storm of protest .
The fight against terrorism is undoubtedly justified , but , as with every struggle , it also holds true that the fundamental principles of human rights and humanitarian law must be respected .
That would amount to a flagrant violation of humanitarian law : whoever ceases fighting for whatever reason is entitled to protection .
Foreigners suspected of maintaining ( loose ) ties with terrorist organizations can be detained indefinitely .
On the other hand , US Taliban or al-Qa'ida fighters , such as the recently captured John Walker Lindh , will be tried by ordinary US criminal courts .
In other case , too , it seems doubtful that the crucial distinction between military and civilian targets was made systematically .
Not in the United States alone are the screws being tightened .
But the greatest attention is paid to the fate of the civilian population : In principle , the latter can never be the object of a military operation .
This has happened despite solemn pledges to the United Nations that the United States " is committed to minimizing civilian casualties and damage to civilian property . "
There is uncertainty about the precise number , but it is certain that over 1,000 men from the Middle East have already been arrested .
Observance of these rules will not insure that the fight against terrorism is lost ; it will prove respect for human dignity , of which the West is rightly a champion .
Many countries are parties to them , but the United States has not ratified these protocols , so that the additional protection they offer is difficult to enforce in a conflict in which US troops are taking part .
Out of well-understood self-interest , countries such as Russia , China , and Israel joined in the Bush administration 's anti-terrorism campaign , because it enabled them to compare their domestic situation with the US situation and ask for moral support for the fight they have been waging against terrorism for years .
The right of citizens to such information about their government 's actions is crippled by the fact that it is being accepted for the present without much complaint .
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon called Palestinian leader Arafat " Our Usama Bin Ladin . "
Hence guilt need not be established " beyond reasonable doubt , " nor is there any mention of a presumption of innocence .
Secretary Rumsfeld 's statements ( on 20 November 2001 ) that " the United States is not inclined to negotiate surrenders , nor are we in a position , with relatively small numbers of forces on the ground , to accept prisoners , " and that " my hope is that they will be either killed or taken prisoner ( by the Northern Alliance ) " also suggested that death would be the only way out of the conflict for the Taliban and al-Qa'ida fighters .
As Interfax-Kazakhstan news agency learnt at the RSE , a total of 79,000 tonnes of oil and oil products and 37,044 tonnes of dry cargo were transshipped through the port during the quoted period .
Mitsui Construction rose 1 yen to 46 yen after a daily newspaper said Wednesday that the company and Sumitomo Construction will soon begin negotiations on integrating their business operations , a report later denied by the companies .
Brokers said chip-related issues in Tokyo got a boost from an international trade association saying North America-based manufacturers of semiconductor equipment saw orders and shipments rise in December .
Tokyo , Jan. 23 Kyodo -- The 225-issue Nikkei Stock Average managed to stay above the 10,000 line Wednesday morning thanks to gains by some semiconductor-related shares and automakers .
Snow Brand Milk Products dived 37 yen to 187 yen after media reported earlier Wednesday that its subsidiary Snow Brand Food is suspected of disguising Australian beef as domestic to get a government subsidy in connection with mad cow disease .
The anti-terrorism drive will not succeed if it is conducted merely as a struggle against a particularly ruthless set of criminals , Roth said .
" Terrorists believe that anything goes in the name of their cause " , said Kenneth Roth , Executive Director of Human Rights Watch .
The willingness of most western governments to tolerate abuses by friendly governments in the Middle East and North Africa has tended to undermine the growth of a human rights culture there .
The so-called US-led campaign against terrorism is inspiring opportunistic attacks on civil liberties around the world , 'Human Rights Watch ' warned in its annual global survey released recently .
In the US and western Europe , measures designed to combat terrorism are threatening long-held human rights principles .
Human rights principles must not be compromised in the name of any cause . "
" The fight against terror must not buy into that logic .
The Human Rights Watch report said " Imagine the US condemning military tribunals set up by a tin-pot tyrant to get rid of his political enemies .
It is also continuing its bombings in Afghanistan although there is an interim government in place there now .
That kind of criticism can have real sting .
America is arresting foreign nationals in a foreign country ( Afghanistan ) locking them up in cages in another foreign country ( Cuba ) and all this without any international legitimacy .
After the Sept. 11 attacks , the US gained worldwide sympathy and support which , however , evaporated quickly due to America 's gross violations of international norms of behaviour .
The US is indeed setting a terrific example of how to violate international laws and human rights .
To defeat , the fundamental amorality of terrorism requires a firm grounding in international human rights .
The problem includes the West 's failure to rein in Israeli abuses against Palestinians , its apparent disregard for grave civilian suffering caused by sanctions against Iraq ; and its complete unwillingness to raise human rights issues with friendly governments in the Arab world .
Commentary by Nawab Khan in Brussels in the " Perspective " column : " Hypocrisy Exposed "
But , now it will ring with hypocrisy . "
The continued US ambiguity in using the title of prisoners , and specifically prisoners of war or " illegitimate " combatants , and the possibility of trying them in private and closed martial court , do not help the United States maintain international sympathy with its war .
Amidst the heat of military battles in Afghanistan , and on the background of the double crime that hit the United States , international opinion is now willing to overlook some inhumane practices that were made on this or that front .
It is obvious that statements by US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld that the detainees are " illegitimate fighters " upon home the Geneva convention on POW 's does not apply have not helped alleviate world concern over the US abandoning its ( until now ) well-known commitment to the principles of justice in treating the Al-Qa'ida and Taliban prisoners .
The attention of the world moved from Afghanistan to Cuba to follow what Amnesty International considers an " uncomfortable situation " for the detainees .
However , the situation has changed fundamentally since the batches of Al-Qa'ida and Taliban prisoners started arriving one after the other to Guatanamo base shackled and caged in cages that are no longer than eight feet and wider than six .
This has prompted two of Washington 's closest allies , Britain and Australia , to express their " concern " over the way the prisoners were transported from Afghanistan and the way they are being treated in captivity .
As the campaign of Western criticism of the United States heightens , it has become urgent for Washington to clarify its stand on treating the prisoners and their destiny so that it would not be recorded in history that the number one democracy in the war won the war on terrorism in weeks and lost the reputation of commitment to principles of human justice that it took centuries to gain .
International criticism of conditions at the makeshift camp have grown since the first detainees were transferred from Afghanistan earlier this month .
LONDON , Jan 24 ( AFP ) -- British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Thursday [ 24 January ] it was " far preferable " that British prisoners held at the US Navy base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba should face justice in Britain .
They were captured in Afghanistan during the US-led military campaign against the country 's now-crumbled hardline Taliban regime .
" It is far preferable if they are British citizens for them to come to the United Kingdom and face justice here , " Straw told BBC radio .
For example , most of these groups have long urged the formation of an independent electoral commission to take charge of the preparations and conduct of the ballot , but are now reluctantly willing to accommodate Mugabe 's partisan Electoral Supervisory Commission .
What is South African President Thabo Mbeki 's point when he says the SADC must ensure that Zimbabwe has a free election when , as he knows , nothing practical is being done by the regional body to ensure that Mugabe indeed complies ?
For example , the EU and the SADC - as all others - must refuse to send observers if these are not allowed to be on the ground by the end of this week or early next week at the very latest .
What is clear - if this was not so obvious all along to some of these organisations - is that nothing whatsoever will deter Mugabe from doing anything and everything to claim victory in the ballot , however fraudulent .
And as all must now know - Mbeki included - Mugabe has no chance at all of winning any ballot that is free from intimidation and violence , notwithstanding his desperate last-minute act to try to buy votes using the hurried land reforms .
These bodies have long called for the deployment of independent election observers , both Zimbabwean and international , and yet none are in place even a few weeks before the polls .
Stop the circus
A YEAR after gently attempting to nudge Zimbabwe 's government into embracing minimum conditions that allow for a free and fair presidential election , several local and international groups find themselves back to square one , unable to move the Harare authorities even an inch .
Even by the EU 's own submissions just two weeks ago , its international observers - and not pliant ones handpicked by the government to validate a sham - should have been on the ground by now , but the 15-nation bloc is still talking to Harare !
So have been attempts by Zimbabwe 's civic bodies such as the Crisis Group , the National Constitutional Assembly , well-meaning churches such as the Roman Catholics and even the so-called National Economic Consultative Forum .
Several diplomatic missions from organisations such as the European Union ( EU ) , the Commonwealth , the Southern Africa Development Community ( SADC ) and Africa 's powerhouse Nigeria have come and gone from Harare empty-handed .
Therefore the time to stop this tragic circus - many would say madness - is either now or never .
It follows therefore that all these groups must reject in advance the fraud that is being staged under the guise of an election , unless Mugabe urgently meets all the minimum conditions that allow for a semblance of a free and fair ballot .
For the EU and the Commonwealth , which are due to meet shortly , they should realise that they are running out of meaningful options to influence the course of events in Zimbabwe .
Either the EU and the SADC - as indeed all others - take meaningful action now that will move the Harare authorities or they forever hold their peace .
What is the point of engaging in dialogue with a government that is only interested in buying time while it fervently escalates a campaign of bludgeoning its citizens in the hope of frightening voters into supporting Mugabe ?
Predictably , their advice has fallen on stones because , whatever their suggestions , Mugabe could not care less , interested only in retaining power at any cost .
In their own ways , these groups have sought dialogue rather than confrontation to prod President Robert Mugabe to see reason and put his nation first and not to embark on the suicidal path that he has chosen .
With the presidential election only a month away , all these organisations appear not only to have grown too tired of insisting on their initial demands , but of actually scaling them back , frustrated that no one is listening .
" We are not protesting the effort to fight terrorism but we feel that the Taliban and al-Qaeda detainees are war prisoners and they are subjected to the Geneva Convention , " he said .
US President George W. Bush has rejected charges of ill-treatment and was satisfied the military was upholding US traditions of humane treatment of prisoners while protecting the troops guarding them .
Foreign Minister Syed Hamid Albar was quoted by Bernama news agency as saying the detainees should be treated as prisoners of war according to international law .
European nations have also criticized conditions at the US base after a US Department of Defense photograph showed a group of prisoners shackled , blindfolded , kneeling and wearing ear muffs .
KUALA LUMPUR , Jan 25 ( AFP ) -- Malaysia on Friday sent an official protest to the US embassy here over the " inhumane " treatment of Taliban and al-Qaeda detainees held at a US naval base in Cuba .
The memorandum of protest came a day after Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad criticised the treatment of the detainees .
" At the moment , treatment is rough and not in line with guidelines set under international law . . . their condition is not satisfactory and the treatment given to them is inhumane . "
" Thus , the Supreme Council calls on the Foreign Ministry to send a memo to the United States government , " he said at a press conference after chairing the meeting at the Umno headquarters , here .
" The Supreme Council voiced its protest against the United States ' handling of the captured Taliban soldiers who were detained in Cuba which the Supreme Council finds inhumane .
Prime Minister Datuk Seri Dr Mahathir Mohamad , who is also Umno president , said the party 's Supreme Council meeting Thursday also took note of the treatment given by Washington on the 158 Taliban prisoners at X-Ray Camp which had also been criticised by human rights groups in the West .
KUALA LUMPUR , Jan 24 ( Bernama ) -- The Umno Supreme Council Thursday called on the Foreign Ministry to send a memorandum of protest to the United States ( US ) government over their treatment of Taliban prisoners which was described as inhumane .
" We have enough evidence on their involvement in violent acts and their plans to use violence , as well as their connection with international terrorists , " he said , stressing that the KMM had no confidence in the democratic system .
Meanwhile , Dr Mahathir said the Supreme Council meeting Thursday also discussed the dangers posed by the Kumpulan Militan Malaysia ( KMM ) activities which aimed to topple the government through violence .
" I know that not everybody will be entirely happy with the list , but it is a good list and let 's support them and work with them . "
Karzai reaffirmed his determination that the interim government would not interfere in the commission or Loya Jirga .
The commission includes at least one woman , as vice chair , in line with the demand for female representation outlined in last month 's Bonn accord which set up Karzai 's interim authority .
Annan said he hoped the commission members " together with the UN will be successful in their work and give Afghanistan a fair Loya Jirga " .
" We set out to get a group that would be independent , a group of men and women that would have integrity , who are highly respected within the society , to request them to help organise the Loya Jirga , " Annan said .
It must decide on rules and procedures for the convening of the Loya Jirga , as well as when and where it should meet , and for how long .
" It was n't easy to put the list together , " Annan said , explaining the 21 names had been whittled down from a shortlist of 300 .
At a joint news conference with Annan , interim Afghan leader Hamid Karzai read out the members of the commission , which he described as " the most important task for the interim administration and for the United Nations " .
Annan , paying the first visit to Afghanistan by a UN chief in more than 40 years , acknowledged factional differences that had held up the naming of the group .
" ... To seek vengeance , the United States has ignored principles of justice , human rights principles and all international principles which it had accepted , " he told reporters after opening a seminar for PAS elected representatives from throughout the peninsula here .
Yesterday , Foreign Minister Datuk Seri Syed Hamid Albar was reported to have said that Wisma Putra ( Foreign Ministry ) had handed an official protest to the United States over its bad treatment of the Taliban and Al-Qaeda detainees .
KOTA BAHARU , Jan 26 ( Bernama ) -- PAS has asked the United States to stop its bad treatment of Taliban and Al-Qaeda fighters being held at the X-Ray Camp in Guantanamo Bay , off Cuba .
PAS President Datuk Fadzil Noor said PAS did not agree to such treatment of the Taliban and Al-Qaeda soldiers as they were prisoners-of-war and should be accorded treatment as provided for under the Geneva Convention and in line with Basic Human Rights .
Malaysia felt that the Taliban and Al-Qaeda soliders should be treated under provisions of the Geneva Convention .
" Specifically , he has asked that you conclude that GPW ( Geneva Convention II on the Treatment of Prisoners of War ) does apply to both al-Qa'ida and the Taliban fighters . " Human rights groups and some European countries have protested Bush 's decision , and have been critical of the living conditions for 158 detainees at the US Naval Base in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
" The secretary of state has requested that you reconsider that decision , " White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales wrote in a memo to Bush .
Bush decided on January 18 that hundreds of Taliban and members of Usama bin Ladin 's al-Qa'ida army are detainees , and not prisoners of war , and thus not subject to rights in the Geneva Convention .
Washington , January 26 ( XINHUA ) -- US Secretary of State Colin Powell has asked President George W. Bush to reverse the president 's decision on al-Qa'ida and Taliban detainees and declare the terrorists as prisoners of war under the Geneva Convention , the Washington Times reported on Saturday .
A four-page internal White House memorandum obtained by the Washington Times shows that Powell made the request and that Bush ' s National Security Council plans to meet on the matter Monday morning .
It is also a binding decision taken by the professional associations ' general assembly , after Jordan sealed a peace treaty with Israel in October 1994 .
They also lambasted " US-British aggression on Iraq and meddling in its internal affairs . "
According to Council of Unions ' president Mohammad Oran , the anti- normalisation drive remains an Arab , Muslim and human goal .
AMMAN -- After months of low-profile activities , the 14 professional associations held their first anti-normalisation conference on Sunday during which they renewed calls for severing all ties with " the Zionist enemy . "
Conference participants warned against Israeli " expansionist plans " and argued that the peace treaty was in favour of the " Zionist enemy . "
Sunday 's gathering is the first such public event since authorities cracked down early last year on the anti-normalisation committee after they made public a blacklist of Jordanians they claimed had established " ties with the Jewish state . "
" Normalisation with the Zionist enemy is a crime against the country , nation and humanity , " read one of the banners hoisted at the Professional Associations Complex .
The conference also honoured the families of Jordanian detainees in Israeli jails .
They called for " ostracising " those who deal with Israeli partners and maintaining a total boycott of the Jewish state at the grassroots level .
The speakers outlined the plight of the Palestinians under occupation and the suffering of Iraqi people facing crippling international sanctions for the eleventh consecutive year .
One can imagine how Rumsfield , who is ordinarily so sure of himself and of his jokes , might have gone off his rocker once and , for an hour , could have ranted and raved against the " hyperbole , " the exaggeration that , according to him , marked the reactions generated by this photograph , and reminded the world about the degree to which the US attitude was " humane , legal , and proper . "
And that the Europeans , in particular , are no longer quite ready to follow the Americans in their way of thinking .
That , however , is the problem .
Until now , this right-this right right , if one prefers-has more or less been accepted by Washington 's partners .
Washington officials refuse this school of thought ( which would lead them to refrain from interrogating the prisoners , indeed to release them after the end of the hostilities ) but seem to be aware of the fact that here they are not on very solid legal ground .
" Bush is quite close to pulling off the impossible : losing the sympathy of the civilized world for the United States , " an astonished The Daily Mirror wrote .
Even certain US newspapers , led by The New York Times , have hinted at some doubts about the Pentagon 's attitude .
The distress generated by one photograph published inadvertently or through excess self-confidence might only mean that this consensus is in the process of eroding .
Throughout this Afghan campaign , there have been some other slightly troubling images .
But , however , they were under medical supervision , their heads shaved , and enjoying hygienic and food conditions that were very superior to what they could have known in Afghanistan .
The End and the Means
That , in theory , would seem to make him a prisoner of war par excellence if Washington were now not confusing the Taliban regime ( which the US has destroyed , but without declaring war on it ) with Al-Qa'ida 's terrorist network .
At the end of a brilliantly waged and very carefully framed war , punctuated by briefings that had brought Donald Rumsfeld , the Defense Secretary , a veritable media triumph , there was this one image too many .
Since 11 September , the US has behaved as if it had a sort of natural right to create law .
There is now , in a sort of provisional epilogue , this quasi-Orwellian image of totally dominated men deprived of the use of their senses .
But perhaps there is something else , deeper , more diffuse .
One must not confuse " justice and vengeance , " lest one lose one 's " moral advantage , " European commissioner Chris Patten explained .
Some real , concrete , like those of these fighters in rags , haggard , who were the survivors of weeks of bombing .
In the commentaries of newspapers that were the most well disposed toward the United States ( The Daily Telegraph and The Times of London ) , in the very remarks by certain officials from the " coalition , " the reactions , quite particularly in Great Britain , the US 's top ally in Afghanistan , have ranged from incomprehension to indignation , from slight confusion to high distress .
There have also been , based more on intuition than on images , doubts about the match-up between the end and the means , and the admiration , mixed with fear , that an implacable force generates , that of US missiles and airplanes in action .
This " legal " aspect of the debate is now quite well known : the prisoners taken on the ground are considered to be " illegal combatants " by the Americans and not prisoners of war .
Such could be the lesson drawn by the Pentagon and the White House from the hue and cry that has been provoked in the world by the release of the now famous photographs of blinded , gagged , chained , and kneeling prisoners in their enclosure at the Guantanamo camp .
Only US officials know ( or think they know ) who these men are whose identities have not been made public : according to certain US media , the most " important " of the Guantanamo prisoners is reportedly the Taliban army 's chief of general staff .
Because they had been the victims of terrorist attacks and , more deeply , because Americans are " good , " even if , as President Bush had explained , the world did not always realize " how good they were . "
" Illegal Combatants "
Those of members of the US special forces , equipped with all their panopoly of soldiers of the future and , this arresting contrast , those of their " auxiliaries " from the Northern Alliance , barefoot , wearing sandals and in the snow , at the entrance to caves they were responsible for cleaning up .
Big Brother , even democratically elected and at war against evil , is perforce a bit scary .
All this for a single photograph , something that , after all , was quite neat and tidy , in which men are seen dressed in gleaming suits and modern , civilized instruments of coercion ( blinding eyeglasses , masks incapacitating the mouth and nose , ear-splitting ear phones ) ?
So an edifying photograph , or viewed as such , but one which , the explanation is , in fact is deceiving : the prisoners were reportedly photographed shortly after their arrival , that is , if one understands this correctly , they were shackled and blinded as they had been during the 27-hour trip from Afghanistan to Cuba .
Just as is the fact that " the " US Al-Qa'ida fighter , John Walker Lindh , will not be shut up in one of the four square meter cages at Guantanamo but sent to a US prison and tried by a normal court .
Other more virtual ones ( because in this case the communication was better monitored ) of Marines protected with surgical masks and gloves transporting prisoners chained to stretchers to planes , as journalists from the print media were able to see them using binoculars .
You can never be too sure about what you are communicating .
So Rumsfield stated that the prisoners ' treatment was " reasonably consistent " with the Geneva Conventions , which was a way of saying , in this particular case , that the US was the only judge of what was " reasonable . "
The solidity of this argument , though , has increasingly been demolished , by , among others , the Red Cross , which thinks that , until proof ( legally established ) of the contrary , the prisoners should be considered prisoners of war .
" They are not POWs , they are unlawful combatants , " Rumsfeld told reporters at the US Naval Base .
Rumsfeld has asserted repeatedly that the detainees are getting good treatment and refused to grant them war prisoner status .
" They will not be determined to be POWs . "
Human rights groups and some European countries , including Britain , Germany and France , are upset over the Bush administration 's refusal to classify the detainees as prisoners of war , which would give them the protections of the Geneva Conventions .
The addition to passports is a move that the leader of the Taiwanese authorities has long premeditated , carefully planned , and gradually implemented .
This is really an unwise idea .
The United States has made a commitment that it will not change its Taiwan policy .
Its harm is not limited to the incident itself , but lies in the fact that it is an important step for the Taiwanese authorities to promote its " gradual Taiwan independence . "
In November , he manufactured the so-called " three acknowledgements and four suggestions " and then claimed that the two sides of the strait " are not subordinated to each other , and do not represent each other . "
This caused strong opposition from all the various aspects .
It is worth special attention that the mainland 's stance on the Taiwan issue is very clear and has never changed .
In fact , the economic difficulties in the island , the political deadlock , and the public 's confidence crisis should be the agenda for the Taiwanese authorities ' top concern .
In his 2001 New Year 's speech , he proposed the ambiguous " conformity theory , " which takes the tone of unification but promotes independence in nature .
However , one month later , he changed his tone and said that the " 92 consensus " was a " consensus " without any consensus .
We should maintain sharp vigilance on this move .
The promotion of " gradual Taiwan independence " by the leader of the Taiwanese authorities is from his misjudgment of two situations : the internal situation and the external situation .
If the Taiwanese authorities cling obstinately to its course and continue its steps of " gradual Taiwan independence , " they will only intensify cross-strait relations and will certainly eat their own bitter fruit .
All these activities to " change the name of Taiwan , " along with the Taiwanese authorities ' comprehensive policies of " separating from China " in ideology , culture , history , education and the media , are all attempts to separate Taiwan from China , and change its status as a part of China .
The leader of the Taiwanese authorities once made the commitment of the so-called " four noes and one will not " when he took office in May 2000 .
In August , he preached again that " unification is not necessarily the only and final choice . "
We should notice that the addition to " passports " is not an isolated incident .
Irresponsible promotion of " Taiwan independence " and intensification of cross-strait ties are definitely not blessings to Taiwan .
The purpose is to create conditions for the final public announcement of " Taiwan independence . "
The development of these events fully indicates that the leader of the Taiwanese authorities has not only not given up his stance of " Taiwan independence " but also used the method of nibbling to promote " gradual Taiwan independence . "
This is another dangerous signal of the leader of the Taiwanese authorities promoting " gradual Taiwan independence " and an attempt to split the motherland .
Support from Lee Teng-hui and overseas " Taiwan independence " forces makes him believe that " the situation is great . "
Now , the Taiwanese authorities wants to add the English word of " Taiwan " on Taiwanese travel documents .
Taiwan is an inseparable part of China .
On 13 January , the leader of the Taiwanese authorities proudly announced at a gathering of pro- " Taiwan independence " elements that beginning this year Taiwanese travel documents would have an addition of " Taiwan " in English .
The mainland has the greatest sincerity of peaceful unification with Taiwan , and also strong determination and necessary preparations for preventing " Taiwan independence " and all separatist activities .
He claimed that this was a " gift " to " Taiwan independence " groups .
In May 2001 , he claimed that his " conformity theory " was not really for unification , nor it was for conformity . "
At the same time , the leader of the Taiwanese authorities gradually promoted the so-called " correcting the name of Taiwan . "
But the Taiwanese authorities exaggerated Sino-US conflicts and placed hopes on seeking benefits from such conflicts .
The " four noes " are pledges " not to declare independence , not to change the national title , not to push for 'state-to-state relations to be included in the constitution , and not to promote a referendum to change the status quo in regard to independence ; " and the one will not is " will not abolish the guiding principle of national unification and the National Unification Commission . "
On 19 June , leaders of the Taiwanese authorities met with " legislators " of the Democratic Progressive Party and expressed publicly for the first time that the addition of " Taiwan " in English on " passports " was " imperative . "
Internally , he considers the " legislative " election last year as the public 's recognition to his idea of " Taiwan independence . "
Any type of " Taiwan independence " is absolutely not permitted .
Even though this was the first time Vladimir Putin had visited the center , people at the Khrunichev firm have considered him their " godfather " since last January when the president confirmed the center 's current general director , Mr. Medvedev , in his position .
Vladimir Putin 's visit to the Khrunichev center proved to be not only instructive but also very pleasant for the Russian president .
Unlike the vast majority of the former giants of Russian industry , the center is an entirely successful enterprise now too .
According to Rosaviakosmos Head Yuriy Koptev , he and his colleagues had " informed the president " of their wish that the program for the development of the Plesetsk space center be given federal status .
During a visit yesterday [ 21 January ] to the Khrunichev State Space Scientific Production Center Vladimir Putin said that " Russia will not be able lay claim to a worthy place in the civilized world " or ensure its own defense capability if it abandons its space programs .
In order to avoid any misinterpretation , the president let it be understood that the Kremlin is full of resolve to maintain both Russia 's place in the civilized world and its defense capability at the proper level .
Finally , the center is connected with the most promising space programs , which envisage the creation of an completely new family of Angara carrier rockets , the first of which should launch from the Russian Plesetsk space center next year .
Vladimir Putin was insistently asked to tackle another of Russia 's space problems yesterday .
The Proton family of rockets the Khrunichev center produces is one of the most popular commodities on the international market for the launch of heavy carriers .
Incidentally , the money earned by the Khrunichev center has given serious support to the existence of Russia 's main space center in recent years .
It is one of the most successful space-rocket firms not only by Russian criteria but by world ones too .
After this , the center 's general director , Aleksandr Medvedev , said that Mr. Putin " is devoting significantly more time to cosmonautics than any of the country 's previous leaders " and for this showed him examples of the space-rocket equipment produced at the enterprise .
Space remains a Russian national priority .
Bad government management complicates any situation .
Eight hundred firms have closed their doors .
When the price of petroleum fell the first time , the Venezuelan economy went down the drain .
The moderate wing supports dialogue with the opposition to try to reduce political tension .
The changes made by Chavez in his team expose the cracks in the coalition .
Half the active population is in the informal economy .
The noise from the pots and pans does a poor job of hiding the opposition 's desire to launch a kind of civil disobedience , an indication that Venezuela has finally entered a dangerous stage .
It was to be expected that the new laws -- a consequence of the economic crisis -- would have different effects on the union leaders , radical left-wing politicians , and populist militants represented in the government .
The electoral path followed by Chavez when his attempt at an open coup failed may now be the aperitif for the probable " democratic coup " that is being prepared from the inside out .
Venezuela 's economic situation forms a wretched background for the ideological experiments of the Bolivarian Constitution that Chavez got approved by plebiscite .
From election to election and plebiscite to plebiscite , Venezuela is moving rapidly toward a " legal coup " that may be the logical consequence of the clashes inside Miraflores Palace .
As the opposition raises its head , the climate of plots takes shape .
Those laws affect almost everything in the country , from petroleum to land ownership .
Over $ 200 billion in royalties was squandered with no benefit at all for the population .
Chavez ' short but tumultuous time in power , which he achieved by electoral means following a failed mutiny , arouses fears concerning the future of Latin America 's oldest democracy .
That situation has changed considerably since Chavez issued , by decree , a package of 49 laws of a nationalizing character .
Shortly after that , on the occasion of the attack on the twin towers in New York , Chavez said that the US reaction to Taliban terrorism was also a terrorist act , thereby straining his relations with Washington .
It has long been known that President Fernando Henrique Cardoso has influence on Chavez , who has asked him for advice more than once .
Dramatic things may be happening in the Venezuelan situation , and it is more than time for Brazilian diplomats to take notice of South American necessities .
All of that stands in brutal contrast to the 1970 's , the decade of the petroleum boom , when Andres Perez was the " socialist Little Father . "
The worst recession in recent decades has been alleviated only by the recent increase in petroleum prices .
While on the outside the population expresses its discontent with resounding pots-and-pans demonstrations , cracks are appearing inside the government among the 13 parties that supported Chavez in his rise to political power .
The US Government itself considers him a kind of link for dealing with the situation in Venezuela .
In response to the reaction in the street , the radical wing opposes any agreement with opposition groups .
Cde Mugabe said there could never be any election anywhere in the world without any incident .
Cde Mugabe said the Government would do everything necessary to ensure the holding of a free and fair election , as it had done during all the previous elections conducted in the country since the attainment of independence in 1980 .
He cited as an example the case of British deputy Prime Minister , Mr Prescott , who punched a protester who had hit him with an egg in the run up to the general elections in Britain last year .
On the other hand , the union was quick to enter into alliances with countries such as Uganda and Rwanda , which had no tradition of democratic polls .
Cde Mugabe expressed satisfaction with the Government 's preparations for the election so far .
The Government has accused Britain of being a player in Zimbabwe 's internal politics , saying it would therefore not be an impartial observer .
Cde Mugabe said the poll would be held in the same way the Government has held other elections since 1980 despite statements by some Western governments that it will not be free and fair .
The EU was demonising Zimbabwe despite the fact that the country had a tradition of regular and democratic elections .
Cde Mugabe said recalling the supreme sacrifice paid by Zimbabweans in their struggle for self-determination and the pride they take in exercising their sovereign right to elect a President of their choice , the Government would do everything necessary to ensure that they exercise their democratic right without interference from any quarter whatsoever , whether internal or external .
" We know how to campaign , we know how to appeal to our people ... we know how to improve the lot of our people , we know what we have planned for our people for the present situation , we know what we have planned for them for the future , " he said .
Britain has of late been at the forefront in calling for sanctions against Zimbabwe through the EU and the suspension of the country from the Commonwealth .
Presidential Reporter - PRESIDENT Mugabe yesterday invited foreign observers from various international organisations and some individual countries to come and observe the forthcoming Presidential election but will not allow observers from Britain .
Although the President did not say why the United Kingdom , the former colonial power was not welcome to send observers , relations between Zimbabwe and Britain have soured over London 's interference in Harare 's internal affairs through its sponsorship to the opposition MDC party .
" In West Africa , they say make you no mind " ( do not mind them ) .
Poll observers invited
He said this would create an atmosphere conducive to the holding of a free , fair and peaceful election .
" In line with Zimbabwe 's tradition of holding open democratic elections , my Government will be inviting , among others , the following organisations and governments to send observers to witness the electoral process and see the people of Zimbabwe proudly exercise their sovereign right to freely elect a President of their choice : " The Organisation of African Unity/Africa Union ( OAU/AU ) ; the Southern Africa Development Community ( Sadc ) ; the Common Market for East and Southern Africa ( Comesa ) ; the Economic Community of West African States ( Ecowas ) ; the Non-Aligned Movement ( NAM ) ; the Commonwealth , excluding the United Kingdom ; the joint ACP-EU delegation ( excluding the United Kingdom ) and led by the ACP ; the National Association for the Advancement of Coloured People ( NAACP ) from the United States of America ; individuals and countries to be invited in their own capacities include the Federal Republic of Nigeria , " he said .
I do not remember any election at all when their pronouncements were fair ? "
The President also appealed to all political parties , churches , war veterans , farmers ' unions , trade unions , business associations , media houses , women and youth organisations and civic society to come together and exchange views on ending political violence .
The election , he said , will once again underline Zimbabwe 's established democratic tradition of holding regular parliamentary and presidential elections since the attainment of independence as provided for by its Constitution .
Sadc and Nigeria will be invited to send their observers immediately .
We will proceed with our election in the same way as we have proceeded .
Cde Mugabe told journalists at State House in Harare that the joint ACP/European Union and Commonwealth teams , which have been invited to observe the March 9 and 10 presidential election should not include Britain , which has been accused of interfering in the internal politics of Zimbabwe .
As bad as the prospects of change seem to be at this juncture , I do n't believe fresh efforts are doomed to failure .
The campaign has been successful so far , and has not been seriously challenged by Arab and Muslim Americans who have been struggling to merely distance themselves from terrorism .
Complete disregard for the plight of the Palestinians despite timid warnings to Israel to show restraint is indicative of the new political perspective .
The early signs of the newly-shaped American perception of their conflict with Arabs and Muslims have started to surface .
I have to say that Americans are not innately biased against Arabs and Muslims .
Although it is difficult to imagine that the American foreign policy towards Arab issues could become worse than what it has been , my sense is that it will be much more difficult to argue the Arab viewpoint in the American decision-making quarters .
There is need for a partnership between Arab and Muslim governments and existing Arab and Muslim communities in the United States to counterbalance the anti-Arab and anti-Muslim forces in America .
The attack on the World Trade Centre was particularly disheartening to a fledgling Arab and Muslim American community that had made a tremendous amount of progress in introducing Arabs and Muslims as legitimate political constituents on the American political scene .
The Arab and Muslim communities in the United States have made a great progress without considerable support from the Arab and Muslim governments .
The attacks have been a great gift to pro-Israel groups in America , as well as Israel .
If the attack on the World Trade Centre was intended to be a warning to America to abandon its anti-Arab policies , the warning was not heeded .
Supporting our schools and community centres is a good starting point .
Indeed , American foreign policy towards the Arab and Muslim worlds was not much better before Sept. 11 , but since then tactful political manoeuvring has given way to forthright disregard for the Arab viewpoint .
However , like any other legitimate message , it costs money , sustained effort , and organisation to put it out .
Many people are enthusiastic about a new Arab-American relationship that is based on mutual respect and understanding .
The notion of a right-wing Zionist state ardently propelled by right-wing America is a dream come true for pro-Israel groups .
Since the attacks , I have had a chance to speak to many Americans who have no grasp of the Arab viewpoint .
I believe much more can be accomplished if closer attention is paid to the potential for change from within America .
Many people here are not happy with the influence that small pressure groups have on their foreign policy .
A strong case can be made for change in the American foreign policy at the grassroots level .
The American society is a dynamic , changing one that can be swayed if presented with the right message on a consistent basis .
Whatever little leverage the Arab countries used to have to moderate the American foreign policy bias has but disappeared .
Soon after the World Trade Centre attacks , we started to witness the beginning of a concerted effort by the Bush administration and the media to cast Arabs and Muslims as the new enemy of America .
It was once hoped that a well-organised Arab and Muslim community in the United States could curb the attacks on Arabs and Muslims in the media and start to do what Arab and Muslim governments had not done by injecting the Arab viewpoint into the American political discourse .
The attacks have accomplished for the Bush administration and Israel what no political or social force within America has ever been able to accomplish in recent memory .
This is only the beginning of a new Arab-American relationship .
However , I believe it is more than that .
And , most of all -- this is a very important detail in this case -- the Convention forces the country that holds prisoners of war to release them immediately when the conflict is over .
According to interpretations on which the individual in question refused to comment , Condoleezza Rice , the US President 's national security adviser , played an important role in supporting Powell 's opinion .
Eventually , making a sum of the proposals offered by his main advisers , President Bush admitted on Monday , following the National Security Council meeting , that the captives at Guantanamo Bay will be covered under the " spirit of the Geneva Convention , " even if their special status comes from the fact that they will continue to be designated terrorists , rather than prisoners of war .
Following his recent world tours , Powell suggested that the President accept the validity of the Geneva Convention for the pro-Taliban detainees .
In all likelihood , President Bush made that statement on 18 January following a consultation -- which was " rather brief , " some US observers believe -- with Ashcroft , who was strongly supported by Cheney .
Sometimes the criticism was unexpectedly tough : Kenneth Roth , executive director of Human Rights Watch , said " the US Government can not choose to wage war in Afghanistan with guns , bombs and soldiers , and then assert the laws of war do not apply . "
The fact that the President reconsidered his own statement of 18 January led to diverse reactions .
In other words , he admitted he had been wrong -- and that at time when opinion polls in the United States are , without exception , very favorable to him .
Therefore , even if Powell agrees with the refusal to grant prisoner-of-war status to the 158 captives , he believe that the US refusal to cover the captives under the Geneva Convention would set a precedent that could affect the fate of US soldiers sent out to risky areas of this planet .
Therefore , the dispute of opinions in the administration became a lesson in applied democracy .
In this concern about details -- about cold-blood accomplices to murder , because that is what these al-Qa'ida disciples at Guantanamo Bay are -- the US Administration proves it is capable of admitting it is not infallible , which is the equivalent of respect for democracy .
And , as a last detail , let us remember that , harassed everywhere by journalists and commentators , no US leader ever thought of finding " monkeys " [ reference to a statement made by Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase ] among media workers or scapegoats among the weirdoes who use hundreds of websites to call on the administration to stop supporting the Jews or to exterminate the Arabs .
As for their possible repatriation , it can not be taken into consideration , as long as the war against terrorism is far from over .
The United States wanted this very much , because so far the identity and citizenship of those they call " terrorists " ( or " killers " in Bush 's languages without nuances ) rather than prisoners in a conventional war have not been published for reasons that are easy to understand .
There is irony -- including from the sober The New York Times , which wrote in its Tuesday issue that in his Monday speech the President " twice called the 158 pro-Taliban fighters 'prisoners , ' then stopped himself , and used the word 'detainees . ' "
This is about the following : on 18 January 2002 , President Bush publicly announced two decisions , which , owing to the President 's firmness in announcing them , seemed unyielding : first , the President said the 158 pro-Taliban fighters brought to Guantanamo Bay were not defined by US courts as prisoners of war ; therefore , the United States does not believe it is its duty to grant them prisoner-of-war rights under the Geneva Convention , which regulates ( since 1949 ) the status of this category of detained combatants .
Obviously , this decision simplified things , and it allowed the US judiciary to conduct the investigation of the 158 detainees as it sees fit .
The issue at stake was apparently simple : the status of the detainees , members of al-Qa'ida and Taliban fighters captured by US troops in Afghanistan in recent months and recently transferred to a detention base at Guantanamo Bay .
In a first phase , the rest of the administration was baffled by Powell 's opinion , but shortly afterward Rumsfeld sided with him , supporting his proposal in front of the President .
These were some of the leaders called to express their opinions : Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , Vice President Dick Cheney , John Ashcroft ( general prosecutor and chief of the Justice Department ) , CIA Director George Tenet , General Richard B. Myers , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and others .
Saudi Arabia alone says " more than 100 " of the 158 are Saudi citizens ( a figure the Americans see as exaggerated ) , and Saudi Interior Minister Prince Saud Nayif recently said that his country would like to have them repatriated , to be tried at home .
The surprise -- for the US administration and the US media -- came with a statement made by Powell .
According to information circulated by the main US newspapers , the detainees are citizens of 25 countries , including England , France , Australia , Yemen , Algeria , and even Sweden ( ! ) .
At first sight , this seems to be nothing more than a terminology issue .
Eventually , President Bush agreed to reconsider some of the decisions he had announced a short time previously .
On Monday 28 January , the US National Security Council convened for an uncomfortable meeting ; the main issue to be debated was known as early as the week before , following an unprecedented split that had emerged in the US Administration .
According to his own assertions , the obvious concern of some Western European leaders -- US allies -- and of some important European governmental and non-governmental institutions about the treatment the detainees are being subjected to , especially following the publication of certain images of the Guantanamo Bay camp that could be interpreted in various ways , played a key role in this position .
President Mugabe would also soon be inviting all political parties , chiefs , churches , war veterans , media houses and civic organisations to a meeting on charting a peaceful way forward by finding ways of curtailing the incidents of violence .
Soon after the meeting , the ministers said Sadc would not accept or participate in any form of sanctions on Zimbabwe by the EU or Commonwealth .
The minister said complying with some of their demands was like giving away the country to its former colonial masters .
In his opening address to a Southern Africa Development Community land task force on Zimbabwe , the Minister of Foreign Affairs , Cde Stan Mudenge , said Zimbabwe was tired of being dictated to by the EU and the Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group instead of being engaged in dialogue .
The EU has indicated that it would issue sanctions targeted at a few Government and Zanu-PF officials .
The process of inviting international observers started a week ago and was continuing .
President Mugabe on Monday said the Sadc was among the groups he had invited to send observers to the polls .
" Too much blood was shed and much suffering endured to achieve our independence and regain our sovereignty for anyone to imagine that they can either dictate or intimidate us into submission , " said Cde Mudenge .
The decision to send the observers was reached in Harare after a one-day meeting of the forum last week , Mpasu said .
" The Government continues to uphold the freedom of expression and there are no cases of anyone being tried or having been held in custody for expressing his or her own opinion since the Blantyre Summit . "
The meeting by the Foreign ministers was a follow up to issues that were raised at the recent heads of state and government summit in Malawi .
The team will arrive in Zimbabwe a month before the crucial March 9 to 10 election , he added .
Instead , they have issued ultimatums and some of the countries have imposed unofficial sanctions , which stood in the way of honest negotiations .
Cde Mudenge said the Government and the ruling party had launched campaigns against political violence .
Cde Mudenge told the meeting that while Zimbabwe was addressing issues being raised by the two organisations , the two had not done anything to address issues raised by Zimbabwe .
She said the taskforce believed that constructive political dialogue was the key way forward to solving problems in Zimbabwe .
The taskforce was also of the view that the international media should be allowed to cover the country 's Presidential election , an issue , which has already been resolved by Government .
Sources in South Africa , a Sadc member , said earlier that Pretoria would send its own observers to the election , separate from the Sadc team , although President Mugabe did not invite South Africa in his statement on Monday .
Ms Lilian Patel said the situation in Zimbabwe required a more mature approach .
Herald Reporter - THE Government yesterday lambasted the Commonwealth and the European Union for attempting to perpetuate a colonial relationship between Europe and Africa .
The Government had also asked the ESC to co-ordinate the drafting of a code of conduct in consultation with political parties intending to contest the Presidential election .
" There are different forms of sanctions being talked about .
" We in Sadc believe that the situation in Zimbabwe does not only require a careful and mature approach but also mutual understanding and patience because of its complexity , " said Ms Patel .
The invited groups comprise mainly African nations , and explicitly exclude Britain , the former colonial power , which has spearheaded criticism of the Zimbabwe Government .
" We have been assured by the Zimbabwe Government that a formal invitation is coming , and we have set up a team of not less than 39 members who shall observe in the 10 provinces which have about 4,500 poling stations , " the chairman of Sadc 's Parliamentary forum Mr Sam Mpasu told AFP in Blantyre yesterday .
Sadc will not participate in what ever form the sanctions may take , " said taskforce chairperson Ms Lilian Patel , who is also Malawi Foreign Minister .
" The Zimbabwe Government has no mandate from the free and proud people of Zimbabwe to return this country to a colonial or neo-colonial status .
'Club , EU attempting to perpetuate colonial relationship '
Cde Mudenge said since the Malawi summit , the Government had taken a number of initiatives to implement most of the decisions in relation to Zimbabwe .
The only nation specifically invited to send observers was Nigeria .
It seems that the definition of the term pariah nations is the obstacle that prohibits or prevents the free world from imposing sanctions on them .
Members of the US Congress and their guests have applauded 70 times during President George Bush 's Annual State of the Union speech .
It is important to recall that the entire world that came out in protest against the September 11th attacks urged Washington to coordinate with its partners and allies .
It now transpires that we are living in a world threatened by tens of thousands of terrorists and that more are on the way .
The important thing is that the firmness that was apparent in Bush 's speech means that the world should take seriously the possibility that the United States might achieve these goals .
By reviewing the scattered cases of terrorism , Bush has turned the world into a single front against terrorism and against the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
By mentioning it in his speech , Bush has affirmed that his administration is thinking of a way to deal with it .
For years the political groups within the Iranian authority have been speaking with different voices .
In the wake of the Bush speech , the questions that arise are : How will the US administration reconcile between the domestic pressure to take action in the world on its own and other pressure to consult with its allies and friends in the world before embarking on any action ?
It is feared now that the fight against terrorism might be a cover for other goals .
Although it is one of many countries surrounding Afghanistan , Iran has an effective role to play in that country .
What might have changed the Bush administration 's position are the mixed signals coming out of Iran , which represent a true reflection of the internal political climate in that country .
A week ago President Bush warned Iran against obstructing stability in Afghanistan .
In his speech , President Bush upped the intensity of the US military-political rhetoric but kept things vague regarding his administration 's policy on Iraq or the future of ties with North Korea .
It is as if he returned the world to the Cold War era , when the US foreign policy was driven by the notion of anti-communism .
Some were surprised by President Bush 's repeated reference to Iran as among the countries that make the " access of evil . " This is because following the September operations there were some hints suggesting that Washington was viewing Iran from a new angle .
Bush specifically named North Korea , Iran , and Iraq , countries that were formerly referred to as pariah and evil nations .
One of these goals is how to prevent terrorists and countries that seek to acquire weapons of mass destruction from threatening the United States and the world .
Bush has talked about some goals without telling us about the means that he will use to achieve them .
There was a smell of danger in President Bush 's speech and it was clear in the United States ' decision to adopt a tough policy .
Because the speech was about the State of the Union , President Bush seemed like he was underlining the " unilateral " role of the United States , thus dropping the coalition against terrorism .
President Bill Clinton 's administration tried to encourage rapprochement between the two Koreas .
Another goal is to prevent countries that support terrorism from threatening the United States and its allies with weapons of mass destruction and terrorism .
They are now getting trained in terrorist camps that are scattered in scores of nations .
The striking thing was the reference to Iran .
As regards Iraq , despite the hints of war in President Bush 's speech there were other hints suggesting that he might resort to other means to achieve his goal , such as economic pressure , diplomatic isolation , total boycott , limited military operations , and support for the opposition groups .
In his address , Bush changed the warning from the " evil empire " , the term used by former President Ronald Reagan to describe the Soviet Union and communism , to the " access of evil " , the United States ' new enemy .
The problem is that many mistakes were committed then , and they were serious mistakes , in the name of this policy .
The Secretary of Defense said reassuringly that the " camp offers them hot showers , toilets , clean clothing , blankets , regular food , and the right to practice their faith . "
But also back then there were people who maintained that the treatment was almost overly humane .
But the judge himself has confessed to harboring serious doubts as to his jurisdiction in the affair .
Out of all the United States ' European allies , only British Prime Minister Tony Blair has said that he subscribes to the US Government 's decisions .
In actual fact , none of the witnesses that have visited the camp has ever seen any meat at all .
" War is war ... "
This is another of the " privileges " mentioned by Rumsfeld .
Thus not only is it impossible to escape , but the humanitarian associations could never organize a protest rally in such a place .
Only the corrugated iron roof provides a little shade .
Los Angeles Federal Judge Howard Maz has given the government until 31 January to submit a memorandum in its defense against the charges being leveled at it by the human rights associations .
But the concentration camp strongly resembles a dog pound , and no one would want his dog to be treated like that .
It was chosen first and foremost because it is not US territory and thus no claim can be laid to the rights that the US Constitution guarantees to all prisoners , including foreigners .
Washington -- If this is a man ... Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld calls the treatment of the prisoners captured in Afghanistan and shut away in the US base at Guantanamo Bay on the island of Cuba , " humane . "
Everything is visible , just like with an x-ray .
The New York Times and the Washington Post , after dithering for a few days , have now been saying in their editorials that a democracy must show itself to be such also by the way in which it treats terrorists .
Secretary Rumsfeld stressed with pride that the food rations provided are compatible with the tenets of the Muslim faith .
On which topic , incidentally , the US Government does not recognize the Taliban combatants that fell into its hands in Afghanistan as prisoners of war .
He knows the charges that have been made against him and he is being assisted by a defense team .
" War is war , " he wrote in a letter to French daily Le Monde , " and the safeguarding of human rights is clearly not the Pentagon 's foremost concern , but Europe must shoulder this task . "
That may be the reason why the camp , which stands segregated from the military base proper , has been called Camp X-Ray .
What is taking place in Guantanamo is reasonable , humane , legal , proper , and compatible with the Geneva Convention on prisoners of war . "
The walls , if that is what you can call them , are made of wire fencing .
There are no cells or even shacks ; there are just cages measuring 1.5 mt . by 2 mt . and just over 2 mt . high .
The sharp shooters posted on the turrets and the patrols that tour the camp with their Alsatian dogs never lose sight of the prisoners : not even when the latter attempt to catch some sleep on the 5 cm . thick foam rubber mattresses or when they use the sanitary bucket .
A federal judge has agreed to examine an appeal made by human rights associations that are demanding that the prisoners be granted a regular trial .
For his part , Rumsfeld stressed that international protests " have not been a factor " in reaching this decision .
In her book " Beloved " which won the Pulitzer prize back in 1988 , writer Tony Morrison describes conditions far worse than those prevailing in Camp X-Ray .
The Saudi Arabian media have been quick to pick up on the difference of treatment that he has been granted .
Johnny Walker , the US citizen who was fighting with the Taliban in Afghanistan against his own compatriots , has not been subjected to the same fate as the other prisoners .
The prisoners emerge from their cages only to take a shower , to go for a medical , or to take their short daily walk .
No Pig Meat -- Well , Actually , No Meat at All
The US Constitution appears not to apply to the Arabs in the concentration camp in Guantanamo .
" The accusations of ill treatment , " Secretary Rumsfeld said , " are completely untrue .
And in any case , it did not apply even to black people held in jail in the southern United States until a few years ago .
Their economic agenda alone is overwhelming , " comments one high-ranking member of the Brazilian Government .
Not to take into account the impact of destabilization in South America in a world already complicated by the Middle East , India versus Pakistan , Afghanistan , and badly-resolved problems in Eastern Europe , " is not to have a strategic vision , " according to the assessment that is being made in Planalto Palace and which was clearly emphasized during Lafer 's meetings with Powell , Zoellick and Evans .
Argentine society is divorcing itself from political parties and national institutions , and it is in such an environment that radical responses germinate , such as authoritarian regimes and the formation of guerrilla groups .
Powell 's reaction , according to a Planalto source , was one of " interest and attention " .
The Brazilian Government 's perception of Argentina 's future is pessimistic .
South America is already living with complex problems in Venezuela and , above all , in Colombia , where President Andres Pastrana is unable to combat the guerrilla activities of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia [ FARC ] and failed in the recent attempt to negotiate an agreement with its militants .
Foreign Minister Celso Lafer transmitted a warning to United States Secretary of State Colin Powell , with whom he spent 30 minutes yesterday , from the Brazilian Government : without help from the US , Argentina could enter a state of social rebellion and open a new front of geopolitical instability in South America .
And there is no guarantee that a political destabilization of the region would bypass even Chile , where memories of the military dictatorship are still very strong .
To add a country like Argentina to this list of problems is to allow the growth of a dangerous focus of social dissatisfaction , which is tending to express itself outside of any institutional control .
If I do not save them , I do not save myself . "
political and diplomatic argument in the conversations with representatives of the Bush government that transcends the economic-financial discussions , to which the subject was restricted , and which encompasses the very survival of democracy in South America .
One can not ignore the fact that , only 20 years ago , all these countries - including Brazil and Peru - were ruled by generals .
In his conversation with Secretary of State Colin Powell , the Brazilian Foreign Minister stated clearly that to leave Argentina to its own fate , as seems to be the George Bush administration 's choice , is to pave the way for social rebellion there , which will contaminate other countries on the continent and create another area of political instability on the planet .
It is a new approach , which tries to sensitize US authorities through the use of geopolitical arguments .
The ill effects of the Argentine crisis can contaminate the nearest countries first , like Paraguay , Uruguay and Bolivia .
" This is the minimum that has to be done .
What is underway in the neighboring country , according to information gathered by the Brazilian Government , is the establishment of a Central Bank - which 10 years ago abdicated from the traditional functions of currency and credit manager - that is capable of working with a floating exchange rate system and a regime of inflation goals , like Brazil 's Central Bank ; a safety network for the financial system whose health is already extremely undermined ; the restructuring of the tax policy so that the tax collection machine can create conditions for the government to draw up a budget without so many uncertainties ; and a fiscal responsibility law that imposes some discipline on the relationship between central government and the provinces .
For Brazilian diplomacy , Pastrana lost time and credibility on a failed bet : the negotiations with FARC , letting them control territory the size of Switzerland in the heart of the continent .
The Brazilian Government 's perception of Argentina 's future is pessimistic .
According to a Planalto Palace source , the reaction from Powell as well as from Evans and Zoellick was of " interest and attention " .
This is the understanding of sources very close to President Fernando Henrique Cardoso , and it is also guiding the analyses of the economic department .
No more than that .
There is a stress factor in the content and volume of the needs of that country , which on its own will not be able to take the steps absolutely necessary for its reconstruction .
Foreign Minister Celso Lafer carried a dramatic warning from President Fernando Henrique Cardoso to the US Government .
Nothing more .
Without US help , via the IMF , the country will not be able to attain the most basic economic , social and political stability , and could contaminate the subcontinent , Lafer warned .
Alone , and under the command of a president who managed to create a strong political coalition explained only by his own survival instinct , Argentines will be unable to attain the most basic economic , social and political stability .
" Their economic agenda alone is overwhelming , " the source commented .
To answer a question of this nature , the Brazilian Foreign Minister would surely resort to Ortega y Gasset : " I am I and my circumstances .
Translating roughly , what Minister Lafer tried to tell the Americans is that the financial cost of an international rescue of Argentina , now , led by the IMF and other multilateral credit agencies , will be lower than the cost of fighting , later on , chaos in its social , political , and - why not ? - military forms on the continent .
If an agreement is reached with the IMF and economic conditions improve , the timetable will likely be moved forward so that people can get cash .
Cavallo could think of nothing better than the curbs on withdrawals .
The outflows forced some banks to ask the government to set limits .
Some analysts feel that the fledgling Duhalde administration is making a mistake by ending convertibility without first resolving the problems that will arise from this decision , which was a foregone conclusion here in Argentina and the rest of the world .
" No withholding on oil exports : In conclusion , the government has decided to reverse itself on the 20 percent tax that it was planning to levy on these exports .
What is more , the IMF tried to convince Cavallo to abandon the one-to-one peg in an orderly fashion .
The danger , which the economic team is aware of , is that any additional money withdrawn will go straight into purchases of dollars since this could represent the percentage of income that an individual is able to save .
It will not be easy , of course , to drum up demand with the country in full-fledged default .
It has been confirmed that there will be " coupons " for savers who want to buy things , with their frozen funds as collateral .
'We would not have raised all that much money and would have been sending a very bad signal overseas by discriminating between sectors , ' acknowledged a senior source in the Economy Ministry .
They wold rather hold a financial claim on the government than place the entire burden on their debtors , who would be forced to declare bankruptcy if they got no relief .
Its last show of support was the $ 8 billion in aid to support the " zero deficit " tactic .
Everything depends on the anticipated aid of between $ 15 billion and $ 20 billion , which is what has been requested of Washington .
The idea is to issue very short-term bills ( 30 days , for now ) that will be indexed to any ongoing depreciation .
The possibility of keeping a portion of a time deposit in dollars , which President Duhalde has requested , has not been altogether ruled out , but there are legal problems with implementing it .
Lack of confidence led to massive withdrawals of savings into safer places .
Burdensome Legacy
The banks have also agreed with this option .
The big drawback to this system is that hardly anyone will be willing to sell real estate for peso-denominated installment checks that can be cashed sometime in the future .
The government explained that it theoretically saw tools like the " unidad de fomento " as a way of adjusting the deposits of savers that will remain subject to restrictions until at least next year .
According to former Minister Roque Fernandez , it was " the worst mistake in the history of the Argentine economy , " while influential businessman Arnaldo Musich ( FIEL [ Latin American Economic Research Foundation ] -Techint ) considered it an " inexcusable " mistake .
Barring last minute changes , no announcement is expected about allowing the peso to float freely , as the IMF would like , or about changes in the timetable for easing bank withdrawal restrictions .
It is likely , however , that before that the government will move ahead with a comprehensive debt rescheduling , including international and local investors who were involved in the first phase of the swap . " ]
The dollar will be allowed to float as soon as possible , as the government has promised the IMF .
This constraint , combined with the difficulties of even withdrawing money for daily use from salary direct-deposit accounts , has heightened social unrest , as people have staged marches , banging on pots and pans , and other demonstrations to protest the prevailing economic situation .
The fact that the former minister and President Fernando de la Rua , who later stepped down , were opposed to such a move drove the IMF even further away from lending any support .
But not until tomorrow , one month after taking office , will it announce a comprehensive plan to overcome the worst crisis in the country 's history .
If any withholding arrangement is implemented , it will apply to all exports , not just some .
In any event , the oil industry may be asked for an advance on taxes due , as had been under consideration a couple of weeks ago .
The banking restrictions will , for the time being , remain unchanged , but the tacit assumption is that the timetable for easing them will be speeded up " as soon as conditions permit . "
The president will also break down the budget for the press and promise to issue currency in a controlled manner ( not to exceed 3.5 billion pesos ) and to undertake the difficult task of reversing the sudden decline in wealth ( 4.9 percent ) without pushing inflation beyond 15 percent .
The rest of his remarks will be solely about the economy , about which millions of Argentines have been obsessed for some years now .
But since the negotiations will take several weeks , as Remes will not be flying to Washington until 14 February , the idea is to move ahead before receiving international aid .
Raising the withdrawal ceiling in the case of regular savings accounts to 1,500 pesos a month was under consideration yesterday , but for now the limit of 1,200 a month will continue to apply , with the possibility of gradual increases in the near future .
The president will also mention imminent political reform , which he will call on Congress to enact .
Such budgetary discipline turned out to be impossible , thus shattering the rigid convertibility system and putting entire sectors of the economy out of commission .
" Phase 1 of the swap remains in dollars : Banks , Pension and Retirement Fund Management Companies , and insurance companies exerted strong pressure to prevent all accounts from being converted into pesos at 1.4 to 1 .
This money was approved by the World Bank and Inter-American Development Bank .
[ Buenos Aires Ambito Financiero in Spanish on 1 February adds the following : " The following are the main measures that will be announced tomorrow : " 'Dirty ' float for the dollar : The decision has been made to abolish the official exchange rate ( 1.4 pesos to the dollar ) and to move towards a single , floating rate .
The last of the provisional governments that took over from the abbreviated De la Rua administration decided quickly to end the currency board system .
Intermediate solutions have been completely ruled out , such as periodic adjustments of the exchange rate ( a crawling peg ) or a band , which would oblige the Central Bank to intervene by selling dollars to defend a given value of the peso .
The measure is designed to send a signal so that people gradually regain confidence .
Accompanied by Remes , he will talk tomorrow about what the assistance will be used for : to fulfill the promise to create a million jobs , to provide basic health care , and to undertake small infrastructure projects .
The government wanted to wait until it had sealed an accord with the IMF before going to a float .
It should have worked to eliminate injustice , instead of trying to harass other countries for national prejudices .
The lumping of Iran , Iraq and North Korea as 'axis of evil ' by President Bush has certainly not raised US image .
It has rather tarnished it , since the international community expects a mature , compassionate and civilised conduct from the United States as the only superpower in the world .
NATO Secretary General Lord Robertson said in New York that credible evidence will be prerequisite for NATO 's support for any military action against the three nations .
Let Middle East be the test ground for US sincerity to fight terrorism .
Former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said that Bush has made a 'big mistake ' by lumping the three nations together as they are different from each other .
Its unfettered support to Israel is based on injustice and this distortion in its policies needs to be removed to ensure its own security as well as that of its allies .
President Bush is intolerant to the dissent to his policy of domination in total negation of the lofty principles of morality , ethic and democracy , which he assertively holds so dear to his heart .
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov said after meeting US Vice President Dick Cheney in Washington that there is no evidence of weapons ' proliferation against these nations to substantiate the US charge .
Fight against poverty alone will not be a productive effort to fight terrorism .
French officials said that the rhetoric of good and evil is not suitable for the realities of today 's world .
It 's injustice that breeds hatred and revolt .
Washington is , in fact , treading a path of coercion , intimidation and blackmailing against the smaller and weaker nations .
If terrorism is to be fought successfully , the United States should better withdraw its support to the forces of injustice , tyranny and oppression in the world .
The world expects a civilised conduct from the United States in place of arrogance , discrimination and injustice .
It should have been on the side of the smaller and weaker nations , rather than targeting them one by one in the pursuit of its global agenda .
President Bush 's projection of Iran , Iraq and North Korea as 'axis of evil ' and his threat of military action against them has evoked world-wide criticism .
ers " rogue , " the situation is a bit clearer . The issue is that compared with the remaining part of the blacklist ( Libya , Syria , Sudan , and Somalia ) , this trio has made the greatest progress in its effort to obtain missile technologies , as well as chemical , bacteriological , or nuclear weapons . " States like these , and their terrorist allies , cons
de it clear that his administration will spare no expenses to guarantee increased security for the United States and all its allies . The antiterrorist war itself costs the federal Treasury a huge amount of money . Direct expenses alone reach more than $ 1 bill
ould provide these arms to terrorists , " stated Bush . However , he did not answer the question of how to proceed effectively against this trio . In the West European media reactions , most critical remarks were made about Bush shaking his finger of warning at Iran . Analysts are pointing o
this policy weakens the positions of the moderate forces and plays into the hands of fundamentalists there . Pressure on the Budget The Presi
hods in their struggle for establishing an independent state ? Incidentally , some founders of the Israeli State once did not hesitate to use such methods , either ... . No , it is not possible to yield to any form of terrorism or to try to justify it , but it is also apparent that any opportu
an axis of evil , arming to threaten the peace of the world . By seeking weapons of mass destruction , these regimes pose a grave and growing danger , because
on India 's blacklist . In George Bush 's presentation , any concrete references to the " objects " of Washington 's extraordinary attention were thus exhausted . Why Such a Selection ? It is open to question why such a selection was made . What is the d
ce between the Hamas movement , whose supporters do not hesitate to use terrorist methods in their resistance to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories and , say , some groups of Chechen radicals using the s
selectivity could , in the final analysis , only jeopardize the success of the global war against it . This is perceived extremely sensitively in the Arab and Islamic world . An " Almost-Missile " Trio Wh
onth , that is , $ 30 million a day . Bush pointed out that , as far as Afghanistan is concerned , this war " is only beginning , " which is why the US Army must be prepared for " future operations . " The Department of Defense , whose budget was increased by
omes to answering the question of why George Bush only mentioned Iraq , Iran , and the People 's Republic of Korea of the seven countries whose regimes the US Foreign Department
whose regimes he thinks pose a serious threat to the whole world . These countries are North Korea , Iran , and Iraq , which he described as an " axis of evil . " He also named four Islamic " terrorist groups " , three of them being on Israel 's a
That statement immediately caused extensive controversy .
The other day , Russian Foreign Minister Ivanov said : " It is unacceptable to Russia to mechanically extend the scope of antiterrorist action to any country , including Iraq . "
It was brutal and reeked of blood , turning the whole world upside down .
However , even if they did have this kind of weapons , who would dare to use them against the United States , the world 's number one nuclear nation , either directly or indirectly through terrorists , while risking the danger of being completely annihilated ?
Their cause was an unjust one and therefore had little support .
As to whether or not they have developed weapons of mass destruction , all three countries have denied it , but the United States does not believe them .
At present , very few in the international community have responded in favor of the theory of " evil axis , " because many countries , including China , have made clear their stand against willful expansion of the war against terror .
It seems that the market for the theory of " evil axis " is still limited .
That is why many people suspect the purpose of the United States ' putting Iran , Iraq , and the DPRK in the box of " evil axis " is to prepare public opinion for possible strikes against these old foes under the banner of fighting terror .
That being the case , why has the only superpower in today 's world insisted that they are the new " axis of evil ? "
But so far , there has been no conclusive evidence indicating that the government of any of them was involved in the " 11 September " incident of terrorist attacks that happened in the United States last year .
Moreover , Iran made a clear stand in support of the war against terror after the incident .
According to President Bush , all these three countries " sponsor terrorism " and attempt to " develop weapons of mass destruction . "
In fact , even the US ally , Britain , and other Western countries have indicated that the antiterrorist military action should be conducted with restraint , for otherwise the danger of losing control will emerge .
The answer should be negative .
Quite on the contrary , these three are all developing nations and have experienced slow economic development because of sanctions imposed by the West , so there is no chance of them boosting their military strength significantly .
Actually , these three countries do have one common denominator , i.e. , that their values and polices do not agree with those of the United States and none of them are on good terms with the United States .
It goes without saying that the three countries mentioned reacted strongly to it and other countries also found it very abrupt , so they all started trying to decipher the message within .
They were destined to collapse , disintegrate , and meet with a total failure ; their reputation was ruined in historical records ; and they earned eternal notoriety .
In particular , Iran and Iraq are at loggerheads with each other to this day .
In terms of strength , these three countries can not be mentioned in the same breath as Germany , Italy , and Japan in the 1940 's .
Obviously , the " title " of " axis " is something in international relations that every country would do anything to avoid , so Iran , Iraq , and the DPRK naturally want to clean themselves of the dirty water that someone else have thrown on them .
Beijing , 3 Feb ( Xinhua ) -- In his recent State of the Union address , US President Bush quite unexpectedly labeled Iran , Iraq , and the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea [ DPRK ] as an " axis of evil . "
At the mention of the word " axis , " one would inevitably be reminded of the military alliance formed by fascist Germany , Italy , and Japan during World War II in the 1940 's .
Furthermore , the Russian side has stressed time and time again that the United States ' accusations against Iran , Iraq , and the DPRK should be settled within the UN framework and raised objections to any hostile action against these three countries without authorization from the Security Council .
Does an " axis of evil " really exist in today 's world ?
To form an " axis , " it is imperative to form an alliance , but there is no alliance whatsoever among Iran , Iraq , and the DPRK .
Despite the powerful compulsions it is apparently labouring under , Islamabad should at least seek details of the Pakistanis being held at Guantanamo Bay , so that their cases can be taken up with Washington later .
Incidentally , another 325 Pakistanis are currently rotting in Afghan jails .
No figure has been provided by Washington nor demanded by Islamabad , but a fairly large number of these dehumanised detainees are believed to be Pakistanis .
Secretary Rumsfeld has justified the atrocious conditions by resorting to verbal quibbling by designating them as 'unlawful combatants ' or 'battlefield detainees ' , to avoid giving them PoW status under the Geneva Conventions .
A proactive approach , for once , is called for .
Unlike Pakistan , these governments have at least gone to the trouble of finding out how many of their citizens , no matter how misguided , are being held .
If the US is willing to allow their repatriation back home to stand trial under Pakistani laws , why is Pakistan so coy about exercising this option ?
Human rights groups have also condemned this grave violation of the Geneva Conventions .
It should at least take up its own citizens ' plight with the Karzai administration .
Pakistan has pledged $ 100 million for Afghan reconstruction .
The guilt or otherwise of these detainees can be determined only by a competent court .
TV footage has shown hooded and shackled prisoners in steel cages , reminiscent more of Nazi concentration camps than a civilised detention facility .
Saudi Arabia , France and even Britain have protested over the inhuman treatment , and demanded repatriation of their nationals .
In this case also , Islamabad is pretending they do not exist .
The USA itself admits that one of the possible fates of these prisoners is to stand trial in competent courts in their own countries .
Islamabad 's silence does not set a healthy precedent .
They too are likely to be flown to similar camps sooner or later , though their shifting has been put on hold in the face of deep international outrage at the way Washington is treating these prisoners .
Yet , the least that Mr. Bush should have done is to prove his accusations of a collusive nexus among Iran and Iraq , two Islamic countries , and North Korea , arguably a reclusive `Stalinist ' state , besides their alleged " terrorist " accomplices .
While Iraq and North Korea tend to see America 's new game plan as an extension of its characteristic policy of " hegemony " , China is aghast at the ridiculous terminology of America 's new thinking and its unexplained logical basis .
There is no reason to cavil at the universal consensus against terrorism on the international stage .
By raising this new political bogey in the specific context of the present US-led international " campaign " against terrorism and by aggressively harping on such ideas at a Republican caucus on February 1 , Mr. Bush has left little or no room for doubt about his real foreign policy intentions .
In a macro-perspective , it appears that Mr. Bush has chosen to raise this new specter so as to promote his pet theme of a space-age missile defense system for America and its allies .
By provoking Iran at this sensitive stage in the global " campaign " against terror , Mr. Bush has inadvertently encouraged the protagonists of a prospective " clash of civilizations " , a controversial thesis that underlines the religious divide .
It is in this climate of an impassioned American campaign against new phobias that some powers like China have joined the chorus of protest by the three countries named by Mr. Bush .
Given Mr. Bush 's objections to the suspected Iranian plans of acquiring WMDs , Ayatollah Khamenei is critical of America 's archetypal " sales of lethal weapons " to Israel and others .
At the micro-level , though , the US President has obviously counted on his country 's several different disputes with Iran , Iraq and North Korea over time .
Iran 's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has described the US itself as " the greatest evil " .
The defining characteristic of the presumptive " axis of evil " is portrayed as a tendency on the part of its constituent states and non-state players to acquire weapons of mass destruction [ WMDs ] .
Clearly at this point there is no cause for the international community to support American efforts to widen the campaign beyond Afghanistan .
As for Teheran specifically , its defiant view of America 's expanding strategic-military presence in Iran 's neighborhood at this juncture may have weighed with Mr. Bush .
In his State of the Union address to the US lawmakers on January 29 , Mr. Bush categorically identified Iran , as also Iraq and North Korea , besides their " terrorist allies " as a functional anti-US entity and as a collective " axis of evil " in the global arena .
In the event , the dynamics of an emerging Iran-US tussle will determine his actions against the " axis " .
This may , in part , explain why he clubbed two Islamic states with a religion !
What is more , Mr. Bush has already begun articulating a policy designed to " prevent " such " outlaw regimes " and their " terrorist " cohorts from " threatening America " and its " friends and allies " .
The communicative compulsions of dancing to the tunes of evocative sound bytes can not adequately explain Mr. Bush 's failure to substantiate this theme during his internationally televised address .
However , it has been left to Iran 's President , Mohammad Khatami , to reaffirm Teheran 's sustainable advocacy of a " dialogue among civilizations " as the cultured answer to the " insults " that Mr. Bush has now heaped upon the Iranian people .
The arrogance that marked the latest Manichaean pronouncement of the US President , George W. Bush , alleging an " axis of evil " on the international stage has justifiably produced a backlash of adverse reactions .
His denunciation of Iran , in particular , is a case that illustrates Washington 's urge to underline America 's supposed pre-eminence as the only superpower in history with a universal jurisdiction .
At the beginning of this year , for instance , our Republic 's government clearly conveyed , again , its steadfast position and will to achieve the fatherland 's reunification , the greatest ardent desire of the nation , within the first few years of the 21st century at all costs by the united efforts of the nation .
The shabby conduct by the US President Bush is nothing but revealing before the world each and every one of his political immaturity and moral corruption .
We have thus actively contributed to the preservation of global peace and security .
Good and evil are two completely contradictory concepts .
Through this , the United States is aiming to move away from the political and economic crisis that it is currently suffering from and continue to realize the policy of hegemony .
Recently , US President Bush , in the State of the Union address he gave before Congress , recklessly picked on our country , saying we develop and possess weapons of mass destruction [ WMD ] .
The real ringleader of evil and the base of evil is the United States .
In reality , the United States is truly a country that has no qualifications and face to take issue with other countries by saying that they are an evil and so on .
As we all know , our Republic is currently exerting every effort possible for peace on and reunification of the Korean peninsula and for the world 's peace and security .
As soon as the New Year set in , he proclaimed this year as a year of a war and then poured all kinds of abusive words against our Republic .
It is also a remarkable measure for safeguarding peace and security on the Korean peninsula .
This is truly a very despicable act .
Just like those who enjoy fire are bound to die by being burnt , the only thing that will be left to war maniacs like Bush , who tries to find a way out of a crisis through aggression and war , is a bitter destruction .
It convened a joint meeting by the Republic 's government and political parties and organizations and announced the three appeals and three proposals , which reflect the entire nation 's unanimous desire and will .
Manifest examples are the following facts .
As can be seen from the aforementioned , there is no real evidence either to link our Republic to terrorism or to designate as an evil country .
What a brazen-faced deception of reality and unbearable insult to a sovereign state !
Anything that goes against this can be said to be evil .
Nevertheless , Bush is impertinently picking a quarrel regarding our Republic by saying this and that and viciously spoke ill of the DPRK .
Despite all of this , however , US President Bush linked our country to terrorism by force and spewed out virulent remarks that our country is threatening the world 's peace .
They are posing a grave threat to the world 's peace and security , blabbing about the establishment of an invasive missile defense system .
He then spewed out all kinds of vicious remarks , picking on a few countries , which included our country , as countries that destroy so-called peace of the United States and the world and that we are part of an axis of evil .
This is the fairest and the most realistic and patriotic manifestation for opening a decisive breakthrough in the achievement of the fatherland 's reunification cause this year at all costs by the united efforts of our nation under the banner of the 15 June North-South Joint Declaration .
Our Republic is currently making every possible effort to reclaim national sovereignty by reunifying the fatherland as soon as possible and safeguard peace and security on the Korean peninsula and of Northeast Asia .
In the current international community , promoting peace and stability , safeguarding a country and nation 's sovereignty , and protecting people 's lives and properties are good .
In the meantime , our Republic 's government has shown our principled position on terrorism on several occasions in accordance with the trend of the international community 's opposition to terrorism .
Our heroic People 's Army and people will never tolerate the US imperialists ' reckless military oppressive attempt and will pose a merciless annihilating blow to the aggressors .
Herein lies his wicked intention .
Our Republic is also fiercely waging a fight against war or the exercise of military force in resolving international issues and is seeking ways to combat terrorism , and the international community is praising these efforts .
This markedly reveals [ the United States ' ] extremely dangerous attempt to link our Republic to terrorism by force and crush us at all costs with military strength and is no more than showing , to the international community , Bush to be the most vicious war maniac himself .
It is to provoke an aggressive war opposing countries that they are not satisfied with , in particular the DPRK , and crush those countries through military strength .
What we can not condone more than anything is that Bush arbitrarily designated our country as part of a so-called an axis of evil .
Over the recent 10 years alone , the US imperialists perpetrated open [ word indistinct ] state-level terrorism against sovereign states , such as Iraq and Yugoslavia , with preposterous reasons and pretexts .
However , Bush is greatly miscalculating .
However , George Bush is not about to change his rhetoric .
He again urged these countries to " clean their own homes . "
" The United States will not allow the world 's most dangerous regimes to threaten us with the most destructive weapons .
" In the antiterrorist struggle , as far as I am concerned there is black and white , and no shades of gray , " he said Thursday 31 January during an election campaign visit to Atlanta , Georgia , and to Daytona beach , Florida .
His force of conviction when he preaches the struggle of good against evil largely explains his exceptional popularity ratings ( 83 percent of favorable opinions , according to the latest ABC and Washington Post surveys . )
He is clearly more comfortable in this role than he is in he management of routine matters .
George Bush has succeeded not only in returning the war to the front pages of the newspapers , ousting the Enron affair and the budget deficit , but also in forcing the Democratic opposition to unite against the enemy .
So on Tuesday evening George Bush tried to reproduce the tone of his 20 September speech in order to galvanize the country .
The condemnation of the " axis of evil " comprising Iran , Iraq , and North Korea was applauded by Republican and Democrat hawks , and barely challenged by a few foreign relations experts .
As for responses abroad , in order to make them somewhat less sharp , the administration has introduced some qualifications .
" If you are one of the countries that develops mass destruction weapons , and you are willing to ally with a terrorist group , or you currently support terrorism , or if you do not sincerely share the values precious to us , then you too will be under surveillance , " he said .
CNN 's Bill Bennett called it " a speech of moral strength . "
This is to re-mobilize the country behind the war on terrorism and to prevent Americans , by returning to a more normal life , from concerning themselves chiefly with the daily repercussions of the Enron affair and rising unemployment .
White House spokesman Ari Fleischer even added that the expression " axis of evil " was not used in an allusion to the notorious Rome-Berlin-Tokyo axis .
The unanimous opinion of the media is that he was successful in this .
According to the Washington Post , " the President 's intensity was equal to the need to pursue the war . "
Be that as it may , the aim pursued by the White House seems to have been achieved .
The pursuit of the war on terrorism has given Americans a new illustration of his character and his confidence in the country 's leadership , " the New York Times said .
" The rest of the world needs to be with us , because such weapons can be targeted on them as well as on us . "
" Solid and often eloquent remarks , " CBS ' Ran Rather said .
The evil is real , and it must be combated ... even in the midst of tragedy , specially in the midst of tragedy , God is there ... "
Dick Gephardt , the Democratic leader in the House of Representatives , and Tom Daschle , the Democratic leader in the Senate , have attempted the impossible feat of " setting partisan attitudes aside and supporting our President 100 percent in the war on terrorism , " while at the same time trying to criticize economic and social policy .
New York -- The warlike tone of the State of the Union speech delivered by George Bush Tuesday evening has prompted responses as critical abroad as they are enthusiastic in the United States .
In his fellow countrymen 's eyes , the test constituted by 11 September has revealed George Bush 's talents as a war leader .
His speech was " brilliant , full of strength and eloquence .
According to Fox 's Juan Williams , " the words came straight from the heart . "
Whatever the cost of our country 's defense , we will pay it .
Television commentaries were even more full of praise .
This , among other things , by specifying that no military operations are planned against any of the three countries cited .
The President said he was confident about the US allies ' support against countries trying to acquire mass destruction weapons .
It would only be in a later stage that Belgium could imagine providing assistance to the person who claims to be one of its citizens .
Like other European countries , Belgium sent on Sunday [ 3 Feb ] a diplomat to Guantanamo to verify the identity of a detainee who claims to have Belgian nationality .
The United States indeed is rejecting the idea that its prisoners , to whom it denies the status of prisoners of war , should receive consular support reserved for prisoners of common law .
Among the prisons , whose conditions of transport and detention continue to arouse controversy , there are several citizens of European countries , or those claiming to be such .
Meanwhile the United States is raising the volume in the matter of the struggle against terrorism .
A detail indeed shows American defiance as to European approaches : the army tried to impose an elevated price for the trip of the diplomats from Washington ... [ passage omitted ]
One of the detainees has claimed Belgian nationality .
This paper was told that Belgium expressed a certain amount of impatience with the American authorities after it learned , as did other European countries , that Great Britain and France have already been able to send a verification mission .
But what type of assistance ?
" The United States Are Prepared To Fight Terrorism Alone "
The priority for Belgium is to verify the identity of the detainee who claims its nationality .
The new US policy deserves to be closely analyzed and monitored .
He has declared that the war against terrorism will not end at Afghanistan but will spread to other parts of the world .
Iran tried to become more helpful to the United States during the war in Afghanistan , but now that it has been identified as an " evil " it likely will readjust its stance .
For the countries that regard the three countries as friends or not evil , they are considered to be enemies of the United States .
He simply condenses his foreign policy for others to easily understand by distinguishing the evil from the good .
The countries that possess the lethal weapons are the targets of suppression by the United States .
Bush deliberate used the term to emphasize to the world the adversarial US position toward the three countries that , according to Washington 's claim , still assist terrorists and seek to develop lethal weapons .
The circumstance has led Bush to again adopt an aggressive policy .
As reminder , former US President Ronald Reagan used to call the Soviet Union " the Evil Empire . "
Bush 's objective is clear .
This may result in more intense armed confrontation .
Whether a country agrees with and regardless of how it views the US policy , the United States is taking the direction that emphasizes its national security and confrontation with the countries that Washington regards as enemies .
Basically , he is telling the world the enemies of America is not just al-Qa'ida or Usama Bin Ladin .
It does not matter where in the world , he will vigorously hunt terrorists down if they are perceived to seek to target the United States .
Many believed that Bush was naive about foreign affairs .
Foreign policy was an issue that he never wanted to deal with before .
In the presidential election , he campaigned on economic and education issues and barely scraped through .
As Bush has declared that Iraq , Iran , and North Korea are the " Axis of Evil , " it emphatically implies that he regards it as duty to stop them from manufacturing or acquiring lethal weapons , be they chemical , biological , or nuclear .
It is not enough that he sees those countries as evil , he wants his allies to feel the same way about them as well .
The US naming of North Korea may annoy China , given its assistance to the United States in the war in Afghanistan .
The word " axis " reminds me of the grouping of countries during World War I and II that were enemies of the Allies .
The terrorist groups may step up sabotage of US targets and the US allies .
A close look will show that the United States has already carried out this aggressive policy in abrupt and rapid manner without comprehensively consulting with the countries concerned .
He claims that he belongs to the good side and whoever is on the other side is the evil that must be destroyed or at least deserves condemnation .
The world has heated up a notch .
The line that Bush draws between friends and foes has never been any clearer .
Although the US role is identified as participation in military exercise or as adviser , the real purpose is the soldiers are sent there to participate in missions that the targets are the groups that are regarded as enemies of the United States .
The term " Axis of Evil " that President George W. Bush used to label Iraq , Iran , and North Korea has now become a hot , much-discussed phrase .
It is necessary for Thai people to understand the important change in the policy of the country whose economic , political , and military influence impact on the world the most .
Dostam 's fighters and ethnic Tajiks loyal to former Afghan president Burhanuddin Rabbani previously battled in Kunduz province , east of Mazar-i-Sharif , leaving 11 dead .
Dostam and Rabbani 's factions are seen as uneasy partners in the fragile Northern Alliance that fought the Taliban militia from 1996 until the hardline Islamic regime crumbled in the face of US bombing in November .
Jan called the fighting between local commanders a symptom of the 23 years of war that has devastated Afghanistan .
Most of them occur usually for personal interests , " he said .
We will identify the culprits of these clashes and punish them , " he said .
There was a " one to two hour " battle Saturday between forces loyal to Uzbek warlord General Abdul Rashid Dostam and those of rival Tajik commander Atta Mohammad , defence ministry official Mira Jan said .
The factional infighting has raised fears that long-standing ethnic rivalries could again split the country after the defeat of the Taliban .
After he set forth the " Axis of Evil " theory in his State of the Union speech , Bush met with increasing attacks from the international community .
Albright particularly noted that she had contacted and reached agreement with the DPRK .
An US government official said that US diplomats to countries concerned are authorized to explain to these countries which may have doubts about Bush 's State of the Union speech , this is aimed at dispelling various countries ' doubt that the United States is about to dispatch troops to Iran , Iraq and Korea .
She said that the principle Bush currently uses in handling foreign affairs has caused the international community to think that the United States is doing things " in an utterly disorderly way " and has " lost reason " .
Chirac 's assistant indicated that the good-and-evil view does not conform to the actual conditions in the present-day world .
Carpenter , deputy director of the US non-governmental research organization the Cato Institute , holds that Bush 's criticism of Korea by name is really hard to understand .
The three countries have reacted strongly , condemned and counter-attacked Bush , and this is only natural and rational .
An analytical article carried in the Washington Post says that including Iran on the " Axis of Evil " list is all the more astonishing .
The analyst was worried that Bush 's attack on Iran would possibly forfeit all recent efforts .
Straw added that Britain and the United States had become the closest allies after the " September 11 " incident , now they may no longer stand shoulder to shoulder .
At the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum held in New York , NATO Secretary General George Robertson said that in charging Korea , Iran and Iraq with so-called " Axis of Evil " , the United States must produce evidence .
The deputy director said , " It 's really strange for Bush to include Korea on the list of these countries , because in recent years Korea has not actively supported terrorist activities .
Secretary of State Colin Powell admonishes his subordinates that when the mass media discuss the matter , the spirit and literal meaning of Bush 's speech must be strictly acted upon to avoid causing doubts in the external world .
Observers in Washington maintain that the NATO Secretary-general 's statement indicates that the international community feels uneasy about the Bush administration 's policy which seems to be determined to expand the scope of the anti-terror war .
She said that on the Afghanistan issue and some other questions , the United States still needs the aid of Iran .
Even US closest allies also thought it hard to agree with Bush 's remark .
Carpenter also said that in this way , the door to improving relations with Iran would be completely blocked .
On 1 February , when interviewed by the American Broadcasting Corporation , Madeleine Albright , former US Secretary of State , described Bush 's " Axis of Evil " remark as " a gross mistake " .
Some senior US government officials and experts and the Western allies of the United States have criticized Bush 's speech , saying that the " Axis of Evil " is , more or less , untenable .
US State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said : " We will send all relevant information and summaries of this information to our embassies in various places around the world to facilitate understanding of the related arguments . "
Whereas Bush has " single-handedly destroyed " the initial relationship she had established with Korea during the Clinton age .
He added that that would be the most unfortunate part of Bush 's speech , he cast away the chance for improving relations with Iran .
A report carried in British Daily Telegraph on 2 February said that British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw queried the " Axis of Evil " theory set forth in Bush 's State of the Union speech , thinking that such a remark of Bush attempts to use the anti-terror war to play with political party politics .
Albright also pointed out that the situation in Iran at the present stage is very complicated .
The French presidential office does not make open comments on Bush 's statement , it only says that what Bush says is directed mainly to the Americans .
Now President Bush has completely closed the door to improvement of ties with Iran .
When George W. Bush was delivering the State of the Union Speech to both Senate and the House of Representatives of US Congress on 29 January , with unprecedented wordings he lashed out at DPRK ( the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ) , Iran and Iraq , labeling the three countries as the " Axis of Evil " .
White House and State Department Hasten to Smooth the Matter Over
The article says that the United States tried hard to establish a new relationship with Iran last fall and expressed its appreciation for Iran 's condemnation of terrorism .
She said : " putting the three countries together is a gross mistake . " She is particularly opposed to listing the DPRK in the so-called Axis of Evil , saying that Bush 's way of doing things will possibly cause the United States to lose popular support among the international community .
The State Department said on 1 February that they would collect various statements and send them to US embassies in various countries worldwide , so as to calm down foreign countries ' negative reactions to Bush 's speech .
In a bid to alleviate the sentiments of US allies , a White House official has discretely assured US allies that Bush does not hint to take military actions .
I do n't know why Bush listed Korea as one among the terrorist countries . "
Some commentaries said that including Korea on the " Axis of Evil " list would irritate Korea and would cause Japan and the Republic of Korea ( ROK ) feel disturbed .
French President Jacques Chirac does not subscribe to the " Axis of Evil " theory advanced by US President Bush .
Albright : First to Launch Attack
4 February was such a failure that Chavez , even though it pained him , had to accept democratic methods to reach power .
4 February is one of the most terrible days in Venezuelan history .
In what way can Lieutenant Colonel Hugo Chavez be seen as comparable to Jose Felix Ribas , Francisco Salias , the philosopher Juan German Roscio , or Canon Jose Cortes de Madariaga ?
We must prevent his attempt to exercise power as if he had won on 4 February .
President Chavez himself now boasts of having spent 20 years conspiring -- that is , eroding the armed forces ' loyalty -- to achieve his goal of conquering power .
Venezuelan democracy has not given anyone as much as it gave Chavez .
He asserted , in these exact words , this barbarism : " 4 February is not just any date , it is a historic date we can well compare to 19 April 1810 , when that civic-military rebellion also opened a new path towards national independence . "
This was not the case , and the Venezuelan people rejected him as a coup participant .
There were numerous deaths , and no one can feel proud of the consequences .
4 February was not only a military failure for Chavez ; it was also an episode that caused enormous losses , human and economic , for all Venezuelans .
Seeing in believing , and the longer you live the more you see .
4 February upset the lives of Venezuelans with the ghost of a military insurgency that we had all thought had been overcome , because it belonged to past eras and because the armed forces were fully within the legitimate order , complying with institutional precepts , far from the meddling forbidden by the constitution .
Comparing it with 19 April 1810 is another armed coup and must be rejected with all determination by the academies and by those who in one way or another must preserve our historical legacy from adulteration or deceitful use .
The reason for this is simple : He has to respect the democratic rules of the game , the freedom of expression that causes him so many nightmares , the presence of the fundamental institutions of the nation whose right to exist he denies .
This is a great demonstration of political cynicism .
What is there about a coup against the constitutional order that could resemble the most important day in Venezuelan history ?
That was what happened in 1998 , and still today , Chavez gives constant demonstrations of discontent and irritation at having been democratically elected .
If he wants to look for a comparison , maybe he would find one in the likewise thwarted coup by Colonel Pedro Carujo against Jose Maria Vargas .
He should acknowledge these debts and make the effort to learn to live in a democracy , respecting others ' rights .
This is a simple lack of respect , an abuse of history , an unacceptable degradation .
Chavez did not try to overthrow Fernando VII , and if it had been up to him we would still be under the domination of the Bourbon dynasty .
No one had gone so far in the anthology of rhetorical follies , or in falsifying history .
He wants to disguise the failed date of 4 February to create the collective illusion of a military victory , which would permit him to govern us from Miraflores as if he really had reached power that day .
In fact , the armed forces made great contributions to the country 's stability , because when each sector of Venezuelan society complies with what is set out for it in the legal order , countries are preserved from the vicissitudes of coup plotters .
No one had ever tried to compare themselves to , and put themselves in the same position , as the founders of the nation , as the thwarted leader of the 4 February 1992 coup has now tried to do .
Once he was taken prisoner , democracy exhausted all its generosity , just as Vargas did with Carujo .
No .
Imagine what would have happened to us Venezuelans if in fact on that terrible day the lieutenant colonel , instead of staying in the museum , had advanced on the government building with the vast forces backing him .
Trying to destroy it now is inconsistent .
It was written , the episode was broadcast live , and there was no way that those words from the president of the Republic were adulterated , deformed , or falsified by the hidden agents of the media conspiracy .
No .
Today , with this official " celebration , " Venezuela is in mourning .
Oddly enough , speculations swirled in Washington that Powell listened to President Bush 's speech and his threats to " the axis of evil " like any other US citizen .
A catastrophe would engulf every country if the US arms industry progressed at the expense of the world 's security and stability .
The United States is these days ruled by an alliance between two main lobbies , the arms lobby and the Zionist lobby , which sees the world through the eyes of Ari'el Sharon and his extremist government .
He does not want to repeat his father 's mistake , being defeated in the next elections because of economic factors .
US Secretary of State Colin Powell , described as one of the few enlightened officials in President Bush 's administration , is trying to " patch up " President Bush 's statements , especially his latest one in which he made reckless threats at the " axis of evil , " namely Iran , Iraq and North Korea .
At any rate , Secretary Powell 's remark about the US administration 's readiness to enter dialogue with these " evil " states and with Washington 's friends on ways of dealing with them involves some contradictions .
The fact that he subsequently denied these speculations does not mean they are baseless .
The current US administration will consult with no one , not even its closest allies , whether in Europe or its followers in the Third World , particularly in the Arab world .
He is therefore planning to trigger wars here and there to revive the flagging arms industry .
The US administration has already decided to " punish " any country it believes poses a danger to the Hebrew State .
For he affirmed in the first speech that there would be no dialogue with Iraq until after it has accepted the return of the UN arms inspectors .
These are fine words , but they do not reflect the reality , because the hard-line wing in the US administration comprising Vice President Dick Cheney , Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , and National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice have the final say in running affairs at the White House , and have direct influence on President Bush .
A day after President Bush 's threat to crush these countries and use all means to prevent them from developing weapons of mass destruction , Secretary Powell said before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that " characterizing these counties as the axis of evil does not mean that his government intends to invade them . "
It lumped North Korea with Iran and Iraq as part of the " axis of evil " only to mislead Arabs and Muslims and to create the impression that Islam is not alone targeted .
He added : " We are prepared to initiate a dialogue , and we want to work with our friends and allies in the world on ways of dealing with such regimes . "
This mentality simultaneously raises apprehensions and resentment , because international economic prosperity can be built on stability , not wars .
We therefore have to expect the worst in the near future .
He had not read the speech before President Bush delivered it , as he was supposed to do by virtue of his post .
The United States is currently run by a typical Texan mentality , which is closer to that of cowboys than to a civilized mentality that believes in dialogue and coexistence among peoples .
Powell said : Bush 's statement is similar to that of Ronald Reagan who described former USSR as an " Evil Empire . "
The United States does not rule out the possibility of holding dialogues with the countries of the Axis of Evil .
Secretary of State Colin Powell said on 5 February that it was not an alarmist remark when George W. Bush labeled Iran , Iraq , and the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea [ DPRK ] as the " Axis of Evil " when he was delivering the State of the Union Speech last week .
The United States is ready to cooperate with its allies and discuss with them how to deal with such regimes .
Powell 's remark came when he attended a hearing sponsored by the Foreign Relations Committee of the US Senate and spoke in defense of the statement of the " Axis of Evil " which has been widely criticized .
Powell said : The need to take actions against these countries does not mean that we will launch a war against or invade someone tomorrow .
According a report , during his two-hour discourse , Powell said that it is correct to describe Iran , Iraq , and the DPRK as the " Axis of Evil . " He said : But this does not mean that the United States will launch a war against them .
In the near future , this means that the United States will consider the three countries mentioned and other countries that might be mentioned as the major points of its policy .
Movement Toward Socialism Deputy Julio Montoya stated : " The national government has been extremely incompetent in handling relations with the United States .
He noted : " The opposition is succeeding at portraying an image of Venezuela that scares away investors and triggers domestic turmoil to request the intervention of foreign powers in the country . "
" This is not in keeping with the rules of international law and violates the principle of nonintervention in the affairs of other countries , " the top representative of the CPR noted .
Oddly , he defended the content of the video by affirming - as the President did - that this is evidence of a humanitarian action .
Arzola added : Any recommendation by a country friendly to Venezuela , especially a country that is Venezuela 's No.1 trade partner , must be heeded , as well as recommendations by the Church and the nation , which is demanding a rectification .
Mostly , they accused Washington of violating national sovereignty after the US ranking official voiced an opinion about Venezuela 's foreign policy and questioned the democratic nature of the administration of Hugo Chavez .
He indicated : " These reports have tried to suggest the existence of ties between Miraflores [ Presidential Palace ] and terrorist groups : There are documents presumably drafted by the FAN [ National Armed Forces ] expressing discontent with the government ; the video disclosed by the journalists ; and [ Justice First Deputy ] Gerardo Blyde 's remarks on the creation of militia groups trained by the guerrillas .
The opposition seeks intervention or blockade
He added : " There is no reason for any country to request the agreement of others to determine its conduct and adopt its decisions . "
As for the criticisms of the destinations of the presidential trips , she remarked : " In addition to the fact that we do not have to ask anyone for permission to decide where and when we should visit a country , the President has visited countries with which we have direct trade relations , countries that are OPEC members , with the specific objective of strengthening our economy . "
Thus , Carreno excused the White House official , whom - he argued - was misled by the smear campaign and information sabotage that has been unleashed against Chavez in the country and abroad .
According to her , the remarks by the US Government spokesman were uncalled-for .
All this has sounded the alarm for the US Executive and suits the opposition 's objectives to bring about an intervention or a blockade , which would hurt the people it claims to defend . "
Ambiguous situations constitute a breeding ground for bilateral tensions and the fact that currently , we do not even have an ambassador in Washington indicates that we are on the verge of a major breakdown in our relations with our leading trade partner . " ]
Garcia Ponce , who said he was speaking on behalf of the entire CPR , pointed out that it would be " truly inconceivable " that the interference of a state to approve or disapprove the decisions of another or other states became a trait of foreign policy .
We demand equal treatment for our foreign policy . "
The report cites Convergence Deputy Alejandro Arzola saying that Powell 's position clearly reflects the concern that exists in the international community and Latin America over the Venezuelan situation : the atmosphere of conflict and the threats against freedom of expression , democracy , and legal security .
He stressed : " Venezuela 's domestic policy is the exclusive concern of Venezuelans because of our historical tradition and because it is a constitutional mandate . "
The report also cites Democratic Action leader Claudio Fermin , who warned : " When Chavez came to the Presidency , the United States was buying 1.75 million barrels a day .
He stressed that these journalists should be tried since , according to Article 122 of the Penal Code , any action that instigates interventionist actions is considered treason against the homeland .
He took one further step and invited Powell to visit Venezuela to see what is really happening .
The statement by US Secretary of State Colin Powell about the Venezuelan Government triggered yesterday reactions from members of the ruling party .
At present , because of the misguided policy of cutting production , we are only selling them 1.1 million barrels .
Arzola stated : " The government 's positions are not only harming the country at the domestic level , but also at the international level because thousands of investors are watching on their television sets what is happening in Venezuela , where the rule of law is under fire . "
Carreno said : " This is what they are trying to accomplish through this campaign and their conduct , which is not that of journalists but of opposition activists , prompted the statement . "
She stated : " We are quite respectful of the decisions made by Washington , even if we do not agree with them .
She added : " Venezuela designs its own policies in an autonomous manner and , in any event , it is up to Venezuelans to decide them .
The deputy said that Powell 's remarks did not surprise him and added that the US official 's opinion is based on reports published by the domestic and international press , which is waging a ruthless war against the Venezuelan chief of state .
If to this , we add the President 's constant aggressive attitude and readiness to establish ties between Venezuela and parasitic economies that give us nothing , but fulfill his political commitments , we will very likely continue to lose our edge in the US market . "
Guillermo Garcia Ponce Click here to view picture of Garcia Ponce , chief of the board of directors of the Political Command of the Revolution [ CPR ] , described Powell 's statement as " unusual " and added that it does not reflect the friendly relations between Caracas and Washington .
Deputy Cilia Flores , chief of bloc of the Fifth Republic Movement [ MVR ] , used the same tone to express her opinion .
We respect the sovereignty of all countries and this is why we demand respect for ours . "
He accused the four journalists of plotting with powerful economic groups that presumably contributed the funds to purchase the video from an intelligence agent .
Without mincing her words , she affirmed : " This is an instance of meddling in the policies of this country , which is a sovereign country . "
Last Tuesday , before the US Senate 's Foreign Policy Committee , Powell voiced his concern over " several actions by President Chavez and his ideas of what is a democratic system . "
It has been vague about Venezuela 's intentions regarding the protection of crude prices and the war on terrorism .
However , he did explain that he is more concerned about reports that Venezuela has relations with organizations categorized as terrorist by the Bush administration than he is about Powell 's statement .
Noheli Pocaterra , vice president of the National Assembly , stressed that it is up to Venezuela to decide its foreign policy and the United States must respect its decision .
He also criticized the visits by the chief of state to countries that are on the black list of supporters of terrorism , published by the administration of President George W. Bush , including Cuba , Libya , and Iraq .
[ Caracas El Nacional ( Internet version ) in Spanish on 7 February carries a related 760-word item that says that some opposition deputies agreed that the government 's tactless actions are to blame for the concerns voiced by US Foreign Secretary Colin Powell .
However , he ruled out that the statement by the US Foreign Secretary will lead to a change in the policies of President Chavez .
He argued : " When the United States has faced a situation involving extremist groups holding hostages , they have sent intermediaries to negotiate and no one has said that this shows they have relations with those groups . "
According to Fermin , the chief of state still does not understand that if there is no confidence , there will be no investments .
MVR Deputy Pedro Carreno went even further and established a direct relation between the concerns voiced by the Secretary of State and the disclosure of a video that presumably confirms relations between the Venezuelan Government and the Colombian rebel groups .
Consulted about Colombia 's position , stating that the video issue has not been clarified , Rangel was emphatic when he said : " The Venezuelan Government will provide sufficient details in a matter of hours . "
Defense Minister Jose Vicente Rangel supports the position established by the Venezuelan foreign ministry to emphasize the government 's sovereignty on international issues , referring to the statements given by US Secretary of State Colin Powell , questioning President Hugo Chavez Frias ' activities .
Regarding ties with Colombian guerrilla groups , Rangel warned there " is a clear elucidation ; we are implementing a policy that was not even designed by President Chavez Frias .
Regarding " Venezuela 's friends , " Rangel recalled that President Chavez is not the only one who visits those " strange countries . "
Moreover , Rangel challenged parliamentary opposition to " present the evidence regarding the purchase of that video , " presented by journalists last week .
Nevertheless , he wanted to clarify some of Powell 's statements .
This is part of the democratic debate and , just as the opposition has rights , the government also has the right to provide an explanation . "
Rangel thinks Venezuela has shown effectiveness regarding issues of interest with the United States , above all regarding drug trafficking issues .
Nevertheless , he does not rule out the possibility of going to the National Assembly and presenting a report if this is decided .
" We have confiscated 20 times more drugs in Venezuela than previous governments , and this is attested by the US authorities , with whom we have close contact . "
" For example , Mexican President Vicente Fox recently visited Cuba in a friendly manner ; the government of Iran has been visited by high-ranking US representatives ; and there is a relationship between the United States and Korea .
Likewise , the defense minister reiterated that " the nation 's position regarding terrorism is extremely clear , categorical , and decisive : Venezuela repudiates terrorism , not now but always ; it does not endorse [ terrorism ] and considers [ terrorism ] an aberration that goes against mankind ; and this is part of the current Venezuelan Government 's ideology , philosophy , and policy . "
He said that he does not believe DIM [ Military Intelligence Directorate ] officials sold that video for 40 million bolivares , as stated by Opposition Bloc deputies .
Our position is clear , we support no Latin American guerrilla group , much less the Colombian guerrilla groups , and what we want is for peace to prevail in that country . "
" I read General Colin Powell 's statements and ( Venezuelan Foreign Minister ) Colonel [ Luis Alfonso ] Davila 's statements , and I endorse Colonel Davila 's statements , " Rangel expressed .
" Being an old parliamentarian , I love that activity and I would gladly go to Congress to provide an explanation .
There is practically no hospital medical attention for the members of the Armed Forces because military hospitals are being used to give service to the [ civilian ] population though Plan Bolivar 2000 , instead of improving and increasing the capacity of the already existing [ civilian ] hospitals , clinics and outpatient departments . "
Concerning Plan Bolivar 2000 , the bulletin points out that Chavez has used the FAN for tasks that are not appropriate or that must only be carried out in cases of emergency .
This official , " expelled US personnel working under the Military Cooperation Agreement , signed in 1951 with the United States , from Fort Tiuna to please Fidel Castro .
With this he intends to mean that military thought is subordinated to his own personal sentiments and ambition , thus dishonoring the constitution and laws .
He humiliates the higher-ranking officers by forcing them to receive him with full military honors under such conditions .
They maintain that Chavez must be taken to trial for treason , embezzlement and for theft of military weaponry .
The FN-30 rifle given to Castro , besides constituting a military crime , was seen as an act of submission .
" The president boasts that all the officers of the Armed Forces are committed to the 'revolution . '
The president 's actions have no other objective than to destroy our traditional and glorious Armed Forces and , consequently substitute it with a socialist , popular militia , similar to that in Cuba , " they add .
This institution does not commit itself to the Chavez 'revolution . '
" The country would be badly militarized when 90 percent of the soldiers in public posts of the present administration are retired soldiers who , according to the constitution , have recovered 100 percent of their citizen rights .
[ Chavez ] diverts the functions of the Armed Forces with the irresponsible Plan Bolivar 2000 , committing them to social action tasks that totally lack planning and administrative control .
Corruption in the handling of funds , without audits , control nor sanction , with Mr. President 's consent , is a result of his intentions of dismantling , destroying and demoralizing the Venezuelan Armed Forces , " maintains the document .
They are so wrong and far from this reality .
" This is the major fear that the president has imposed on the population every time he threatens it with the use of the Armed Forces to subjugate it , " rounds off the bulletin .
" The Armed Forces of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela order all military personnel that is presently carrying out civilian duties to return to their respective units to carry out their corresponding military duties . "
Further on , they criticize the authorization of Cuban militiamen to parade in the Carabobo camp , when they invaded [ Venezuela ] in the 1960 's and backed an armed rebellion , for which Fidel Castro " never apologized . " They revealed that Cuban soldiers piloted the MIG airplanes that flew over Caracas on 10 December .
" The Armed Forces of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela demand the interdiction of Hugo Rafael Chavez Frias as President of the Republic and thus the immediate cancellation of international treaties made by a disqualified president , in particular the agreements with Cuba , as well as the expelling of all Cubans that are presently working in Venezuela as physicians , advisors , trainers , etc . "
" Hugo Rafael Chavez Frias is linked to the Colombian guerrillas that have damaged so much of their own country and periodically raid our territory , causing physical and material damages to our population , " says the document
Chavez , they add , " has demoralized and corrupted the Armed Forces through the prerogatives of an elite that discredits and kills the institution , taking away the will to react and defend institutionality from its officers . "
" His intentions , his actions , his disguises , his demerits , his inability to judge , his changing and contradicting personality disqualify him from ruling over the destinies of the country , because his performances clearly show serious unbalanced states of mind , which expose all Venezuelans to national and international ridicule .
As a decade is about to have gone by since the 4 February [ 1992 ] coup attempt , a group of active soldiers requests , through a bulletin , the interdiction of President Hugo Chavez , as well as his immediate trial for alleged crimes against the res publica and the military institution
They call on the civilian society to exercise its rights and kick Chavez out of power .
" President Hugo Rafael Chavez Frias ' is not a military pathology , but that of a man blinded by power , who believes himself to be the incarnation of our Liberator [ Simon Bolivar ] .
They indicated that such a situation " is now intolerable for the dignity of the Armed Forces . "
They are only out-and-out followers of President Hugo Rafael Chavez Frias . "
They will not allow the president to continue using military uniforms and insignia , nor directly [ and single-handedly ] give promotions .
" The statements on raises to salaries and wages of members of the Armed Forces by the president are false .
" We ask that the Venezuelan civilian society understand that in our country there is no militarism as such , only the appointment of retired officers that have recovered their civilian rights and under no context represent the Armed Forces .
To close , the central ideas of the active soldiers ' document are condensed into 18 points
Those signing the document distanced themselves from those that state that Venezuelan society is going through a militarization process .
They denied that the FAN is an elitist institution though , according to themselves , about 30 percent of its members have completed at least two careers .
When he does so " he disguises himself because he has ceased to be a soldier of the Fatherland and destroys the fundamental principles of subordination . "
The president veils his fears and traumas and seeks to hide behind a military uniform , which to the Venezuelan Armed Forces ' misfortune , being dishonorable to it " says the bulletin .
They complained about the deficiencies of the benefits given to them through the National Armed Forces Social Welfare Institute ( IPSFAN ) : insufficient mortgage loans , supermarkets that are not competitive enough in relation to others , etc .
" Now President Hugo Rafael Chavez Frias destroys what had been accomplished throughout more than half a century and intends to return to the obsolete military organization , not knowing the meaning of the duties of the organization , control and harmony organisms that military actions must have
The decision to decommission or relocate numerous Army and National Guard units is related to this .
It is , therefore , believed that the present situation represents a group of departures whose rectification is imperative .
They demand a stop to all agreements with China and trials for corrupt officers .
They warn that distancing the United States risks the operational capability of the military units " due to the lack of logistic support in the purchase of spare parts and all kinds of advising . "
They point out that the concentration of command into a single entity is obsolete , " it is obsolete , it does not work for deployments or in the preparation for these , nor for operations control , regardless of the area in which they are carried out . "
Venezuelan FAN [ National Armed Forces ] officers , non-commissioned officers and troops point out in a bulletin , which will begin to be circulated today [ 2 February ] , that the president seeks to destroy the military and " substitute it with a socialist popular militia similar to that in Cuba . "
Nevertheless , it is true that many of these retired officers have dishonored the uniform , have been tried and , unfortunately for the nation , pardoned or their trial was dismissed , or the charges prescribed , " they point out .
The document contends that Chavez 's conduct is not in line with the majesty of a president
This is to generate " antagonism " within the public opinion .
The FAN is not responsible for the president 's excesses
Further on , it is stated that Jose Vicente Rangel 's appointment was rejected within the FAN , not because he is a civilian , but because of his affinity toward Colombian rebel groups .
They oppose the commemoration of military uprisings .
The weapon , they maintain , must be returned .
According to the document 's signing soldiers , the president is a true oligarch because he has even turned many of the members of his class at the Military Academy into a Praetorian Guard
Following a brief introduction , it recalls that on 4 February 1992 the now president violated his military oath when he rose up in arms against the democratic institutions .
Some members of the Venezuelan society , historians , philosophers , playwrights , journalists , artists and other free thinkers all think and state that militarism exists in Venezuela .
" Concerning the allocation of seniority ( social benefits ) , a large proportion of the officer corps has had to request it prematurely to satisfy present needs because the salary is not enough , thus [ economically ] compromising their old age .
This would set the basis for a preliminary hearing .
Chavez commits a crime by handling public funds as if they were his own .
The authors make it clear that the retired soldiers have left behind their service to the military institution , be it by their own decision or forced by the circumstances .
The document warns that the president is not allowed to wear his military uniform .
The president would have exceeded his authority in giving to Cuba the returns from the export of oil .
This leads " to a lack of discipline of the subordinates and exposure to public despise . "
" Military morale is at stake due to a breakdown in discipline and the words and actions of the president in discrediting the officers , even to the point of forcing some high-ranking officers to make statements alien to them , " it says .
Furthermore , such boasts constitute a serious insult to the Armed Forces , which are committed only to the Republic and its democratic system . "
According to the bulletin , one of the most serious consequences of the president 's attitude has to do with the decrease in the country 's defense capabilities .
In a public event organized at a posh Caracas hotel earlier Thursday , Soto said 75 percent of Venezuelan officials and troops shared his view that Chavez should resign as president .
Tension escalated as around 100 Chavez supporters arrived at La Casona residence , in an exclusive district of eastern Caracas , around 11:30 pm ( 0330 GMT Friday ) , provoking fears of confrontations between the two sides .
" We saw it coming , it 's been timed to coincide with the visit by Organization of American States ( OAS ) representative Santiago Canton , to try and say that in Venezuela there 's no freedom of expression , " Vargas said .
Powell said Chavez was aware of the complaints .
US Secretary of State Colin Powell on Tuesday questioned Chavez ' commitment to democracy and the war on terrorism and criticized his visits to countries like Iraq and Libya .
" I 'm fleeing from injustice and totalitarianism , " Soto yelled to reporters .
Venezuela 's Defense Minister Jose Vicente Rangel insisted there was " absolute calm " in the nation 's barracks , denying rumors of mobilizing of troops .
CARACAS , Feb 7 ( AFP ) - Venezuelan Air Force Colonel Pedro Soto arrived outside the presidential residence late Thursday , leading thousands of opponents of President Hugo Chavez calling on Chavez to step down .
" We invite the people of Caracas to go into the streets en masse and defend and support President Hugo Chavez and the revolutionary process , " Maduro said , flanked by other MVR deputies .
" The president must go , he should resign , and before he does so , he should organize elections so that he leaves the country with a democracy , in the hands of a civilian , " Soto boldly proclaimed at the " pro-freedom " forum .
The harsh criticism of the populist former paratrooper Chavez by Soto came on the heels of an unusually blunt week of US criticism of the Venezuelan president .
Soto called them " outside the scope " of the military 's duty " to protect national sovereignty . "
Soto had urged some 5,000 supporters to march on the presidential palace , in an earlier address from Altamira Square , saying he said he was going to demand Chavez 's resignation .
Soto said military discontent was running high because the armed forces were being used to Chavez ' political ends .
Earlier in the evening a crowd prevented a group of military police from arresting Soto , hours after he appeared at an event in a Caracas hotel , calling Chavez " undemocratic " and demanding the president 's resignation .
Shortly before Soto 's arrival at the palace , presidential chief of staff Rafael Vargas said that " total calm " reigned in the nation , and underlined his belief that Soto 's protest had been planned in advance by oligarchs .
But ruling Fifth Republic Movement ( MVR ) party lawmaker Nicolas Maduro also called on Venezuelans to go out into the streets to defend the Chavez government .
However , he added that Soto would receive advice from a military attorney and two civilian lawyers before whom he would have to make a deposition about his critical opinions on Chavez 's regime .
" A government in which the president controls the Supreme Court , the National Assembly and the Armed Forces can not be called a democracy , " Soto charged .
Interior Minister Ramon Rodriguez Chacin late Thursday guaranteed citizens ' right to protest peacefully .
" People have the right to express themselves as long as it is in line with the law , " Rodriguez Chacin said , but pointed the finger at Soto as a " traitor " and " opportunistic leader . "
And on Wednesday , Central Intelligence Agency director George Tenet told a Senate panel that he was worried about growing unrest in Venezuela , which is the United States ' third largest supplier of crude oil .
" We are here at the president 's house , where a man sleeps every day , and we are waiting for him to tell us when he 's going to resign , when he 's going to call elections , " Soto told reporters , adding that protesters would stay put until Chavez arrived .
" There is a right to express oneself and to demonstrate as long as it does n't put people 's property and state institutions at risk , " the minister said from government headquarters at the Miraflores Palace .
And he accused the opposition of having put on a spectacle using Soto .
By besieging Arafat , Sharon has turned him into the " Mandela " of Arab struggle .
The security of the Israelis depends on the Palestinians ' regaining their rights .
He also pretends that he besieges Arafat because so far , he was unable to confront the Palestinian resistance .
I do wish that Burns 's statements reflect a true position that signals a return of balance to the US position in dealing with the reality of Palestinian-Israeli struggle .
Ben Eliezer 's raving coincided with the arrival of his assassin boss Sharon to Washington to take part in exerting pressures on the US administration , and persuade it that removing Arafat could bring about the Palestinian surrender , and halt violence as he calls it .
Sharon and Ben Eliezer never stopped to consider that no patriotic Palestinian could accept to serve as a substitute agent to Israel .
The failure of the US-made Israeli war machine to settle this unequal battle became clear in the farcical-yet-provocative , statements made by the Israeli minister of defense now present in Washington .
The time has come , gentlemen , for Sharon , the assassin , to realize that injustice can not last long .
It is certain the Ben Eliezer 's hallucination is a mere expression of failure to persuade the world to accept the brutality of the occupying forces ' practices .
They , along with the extremist gang in the Israeli government , do not want to understand that Arafat symbolizes the Palestinian struggle .
With this attitude , Sharon 's government showed its true hostility for a leader and chairman elected by his people .
This foretells that the Israeli occupation 's claims will inevitably falls , no matter how long Sharon humiliates Arab dignity , relaying on the protection and support of Washington , which forgot all principles and role in defending justice , and international legitimacy .
He has called for helping aggressive Israel to put a traitorous agent at the head of the Palestinian Authority , who could accept its terms to " assassinate ' the rights of Palestinians .
They even embody the bankrupt policy of Israeli criminal extremism and failure to gain legitimacy for its continuing occupation of the Palestinian territories .
The only interpretation for these accusations is that Arafat has formidable supernatural powers that enable him to defend the rights of his homeland and people against the unlimited capabilities of the Israeli occupying forces equipped with all the mighty US weapon technology .
If keeping Arafat captive , under siege with the Palestinian people by the Israeli occupying forces , is an affront to Palestinian , Arab dignity , and International justice , it is also a powder keg that will at one point explode , devastating what remains of the Israeli security .
It is that same security that Sharon , the assassin , uses as an excuse to instigate struggles and wars , and promote instability .
It is only natural , with the guerilla operations successively occur , even inside the fortified settlements , that the world begins to wonder whether the accusations that Arafat was planning , and instructing attacks on Israeli targets despite his captivity , and the round-the-clock Israeli surveillance , were founded .
The world well remembers how the United States has been calling other countries as violators of human rights , while it has been involved in one of the grossest type of human rights violations .
After pointing its finger of blame at tens of regimes and governments around the world for decades .
He said that the Americans are treating these prisoners like " an ostrich " .
The US President George W. Bush has said that he does not recognize the detainees in Guantanamo military base as war captives , and hence he will not accord them the rights and privileges that they would automatically get under Geneva Convention .
Washington needs to review its own history of crimes against humanity , especially the non-WASP humanity .
The world is watching how the US is treating the detainees in Guantanamo .
What is non-WASP humanity ?
( John Walker , " the American Taleban " has not been taken to Guantanamo because he is not part of the non-WASP humanity ) .
The treatment of Al-Qa'idah and Taleban prisoners will go down in history as the most shameful detentions in the history of post-war incarceration in the 21st century .
The point is that if the United States keeps pontificating and preaching about human rights , it ca n't suddenly forget about its past lectures to other countries and nations .
Addressing Friday worshippers gathered at Tehran University , Iran 's former president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani on Friday criticized the treatment of Taleban and Al-Qa'idah prisoners in Guantanamo military base in Cuba .
The former president and current chairman of the Expediency Council said that these prisoners are put in chain , in cages in summer and in winter .
An international tribunal consisting of experts on international law should decide on this issue , not Mr. Bush whose knowledge of international law leaves plenty to be desired .
If the United States is truly committed to human rights , it should show it in its treatment of the detainees that it has transported in chain to another side of the globe .
According to Americans , this sort of humanity does not qualify for any of the laws that have been legislated by international organizations , by any accepted world conventions .
They neither believe that these prisoners are truly prisoners , nor do they believe that they are " captives . "
[ Headline of editorial ] By Adbolhassan Sobhani " Pot Calling the Kettle Black "
Non-White Anglo-Saxon-Protestant humanity is that part of humanity whose eyes are not bluest of the blue and whose hair is not blondest of the blonde .
This is in no way defending the Taleban or the Al-Qa'idah members , some of whom might be guilty of the most heinous crimes against the poor oppressed people in Afghanistan .
The argument by Bush is that these detainees are members of a terrorist group and hence they do not qualify as members of a defeated country or an army .
The case of the United States is like the case of that pot who called the kettle black .
Even if we assume that George W. Bush has a point in making this argument , it is not up to him to decide who is a captive or who is not a captive .
The White House spokesman announced the night before last that the Taleban prisoners being held in Guantanamo will enjoy the treatment envisaged under the Geneva Convention , but not the foreign prisoners from Al-Qai'dah , who the Bush administration considers terrorists .
Spanish daily blasts " meaningless " US announcement on Guantanamo detainees
It can only be paradoxical that a supposedly model democracy like the USA can trample on the law to such an extent .
That may be the case , but even the worst criminals have the right to a lawyer and to know the charges against them .
Donald Rumsfeld and other senior Washington officials have tried to justify what is happening in Guantanamo on the grounds that the detainees are dangerous terrorists .
Nobody in the US government has answered this question , even though international organizations like the Red Cross and Human Rights Watch have denounced the defenceless situation of these prisoners , who have no access to lawyers and do not enjoy the minimum guarantees for judicial proceedings which , in their case , do not exist .
If they do n't enjoy the advantages of being prisoners of war and do not have the right to be tried under US criminal law , what jurisdiction will be used for these men being held incommunicado in a place that is n't the USA or Cuba ?
The key issue is not so much whether they are treated humanely and their beliefs respected , but their legal status .
So when the White House says it is going to treat the Taleban in accordance with the Geneva Convention , it is pure rhetoric , nothing other than a public relations exercise and will be meaningless in practice .
The USA refuses to admit that these detainees are prisoners of war because , under the Convention , they would have the right not to answer any questions except to give their name and rank , they could not be tried except for war crimes and they would have to be repatriated after the war ends .
Bush 's spokesman added that none of the 158 detainees in Guantanamo is going to be given prisoner-of-war status , which makes the apparently positive part of the White House statement meaningless .
EU commissioner Chris Patten , also speaking in a newspaper interview , accused Bush 's administration of a dangerously " absolutist and simplistic " stance .
While taking care to avoid directly criticizing Bush , UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan said it was unrealistic to see the world in terms of good and evil states .
They deserve justice and to be treated as war criminals because they supported terrorism , " Interim Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah said .
It was time European governments spoke up and stopped Washington before it went into " unilateralist overdrive " , he told the British newspaper The Guardian .
In an interview published by the Swiss daily newspaper Blick on Saturday , Annan was asked about Bush 's statement describing Iran , Iraq and North Korea as part of an " axis of evil . "
On Saturday he met representatives of two warlords who clashed violently last week over who should be governor in eastern Paktia province .
Karzai has blamed Khan for the fighting and said it was " one more reason why we should finish warlordism in this country . "
KABUL , Feb 10 ( AFP ) - Interim Afghan leader Hamid Karzai is to travel to the United Arab Emirates on Sunday , completing visits to the three countries that recognized the Taliban regime before September 11 .
In Ottawa , the Group of Seven industrialized nations called for intensified efforts to freeze terrorist financing and reported that at least 100 million dollars had been frozen since September 11 .
In another sign of progress in cracking terrorist networks , court sources in Paris said an Islamic militant under investigation for an alleged plot to attack the French city of Strasbourg had admitted meeting two other terrorist suspects at a training camp in Afghanistan .
They were driven out by rival warlord Saif Ullah , who has refused to give up power .
The world has suffered because of what they did ...
" There are divergent views between the US and the ICRC on the procedures which apply on how to determine that the persons detained are not entitled to prisoner of war status , " the ICRC said in a statement .
The clash has called into question Karzai 's ability to govern beyond the Kabul area and bolstered his appeal for the deployment of more international troops in his country .
US President George W. Bush decided Thursday that the 1949 Geneva Conventions would apply to captured Taliban fighters taken from Afghanistan to a US military base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , but not to al-Qaeda members there .
" This is a very serious matter and Karzai wanted himself to be involved in finding a solution , " Deputy Border Affairs Minister Mirza Ali told AFP .
In Geneva the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) said it and Washington were at odds over Washington 's decision not to recognise captured Taliban and al-Qaeda fighters as prisoners of war .
In another step to heal festering wounds , Karzai on Saturday pardoned 350 captured Taliban soldiers , saying they were " innocent " and part of a general amnesty that allowed foot-soldiers to go free .
" Significant results have already been achieved , " said the final communique of finance ministers of Britain , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan and the United States .
Concern also continued over signs that the US was expanding its war on terror to other countries .
But the Afghan interim government branded Mullah Abdul Wakil Mutawakel , the Taliban foreign minister who surrendered to US forces in Kandahar Friday , as a war criminal who should be put on trial .
One of the closest aides to reclusive Taliban leader Mullah Mohammad Omar , he is seen as a potential source of crucial evidence against Omar and bin Laden , the chief suspect of the September 11 terror attacks who has eluded a US-led manhunt so far .
Taliban leaders " created misery for our people .
Annan said , without specifically mentioning the US : " You can not divide the world between the good and the evil , because between them there are shades of gray . "
The expression is undoubtedly strong and well thought out .
Nevertheless , the White House 's offensive also has a domestic dimension .
America has not seen such a bellicose president since Ronald Reagan , who , in 1983 , referred to the Soviet Union as the " evil empire " .
Bush 's " axis of evil " is convenient electoral tool - Portuguese paper
The president is not a man who likes to improvise .
To paint a dark picture of the threats facing the American empire may prove crucial at a time when the government is about to announce its state budget proposals , the cornerstone of which involves one of the largest increases of the last 20 years in the Pentagon 's budget .
It concerns a genuine threat but it is a convenient electoral tool too .
In fact , those three countries do share a hatred for the USA , but why has Saudi Arabia not been included on the same list , since that country has always been a sponsor of Islamic fundamentalism ?
In this week 's address to Congress , US Secretary of State Colin Powell dismissed the criticisms of President Bush 's rhetoric , which emerged after the president pinned the tag " axis of evil " on countries such as Iraq , Iran and North Korea during his State of the Union address .
The deeper the international crisis , the better for George Bush .
Colin Powell will have trouble wriggling out of the need to explain and justify the president 's vision .
The USA has proclaimed the right to attack countries which do not cooperate in a campaign that the president has said is taking place between civilization and barbarity .
Until then , it is not certain that the USA will attack Iraq , Iran or North Korea , but the concept of the " axis of evil " will surely be on the president 's lips for some time .
George W. Bush is no master of eloquence and his speeches are extremely well prepared .
Bush is launching a new budget deficit era : it would be easier for him to sell his proposals under a period of belt-tightening and national security concerns .
In some European capitals there are rumours that Bush is defining his doctrine based on the war against terror but also as an excuse to pursue another unilateral offensive .
It sounds clumsy to place North Korea , Iran and Iraq in the same axis as if they were Nazi Germany , Hirohito 's Japan and Mussolini 's Italy .
It was surely not just rhetoric .
The Democrats continue to close ranks behind the president on the war against terrorism , and to mention an " axis of evil " could help strengthen an atmosphere of national unity that would suit the president when he announces other points in his budget policy with which not everyone might agree .
President Bush is insisting on cutting taxation on corporations and the richest Americans , at the same time as money for social programmes is drying up .
Things may even get better for him in the event of the crisis dragging on until 2004 , when he will probably try to be re-elected .
They prove that the USA is gradually adopting an offensive rather than a defensive stance in its strategy .
The defence secretary , Donald Rumsfeld , a man becoming more powerful by the day , is perfectly at ease with the rhetorical petards hurled by the commander-in-chief .
It is expected to lay a foundation for further bilateral cooperation projects in this field as well as seeking funding for future projects .
The medic blamed the outbreak on congestion in the slums and failure to observe basic hygienic practices .
They are also being advised to seek medical attention immediately they detect symptoms of the disease .
The residents are being advised to ensure that their houses were well ventilated to avoid multiplication of germs .
" You ca n't live with this level of hysteria , " said Jorge , a 67-year old retiree who in all his years can not recall a comparable situation .
" I 'm not sure whether I should wait in line or sell to one of the street traders , because they 'll even give me a few cents more , " said Fabian , a 36-year old attorney .
After a week-long currency holiday and to the surprise of many , the dollar hit only 2.4 pesos and closed at 2.1 , with no need for intervention by the Central Bank .
After deciding that it would take in all of the dollars in the banks ' possession , the Central Bank decided late Friday to suspend the order .
" Exporters held out until they saw that the dollar would not top 2.4 .
Three persons who were standing near him immediately asked him , almost in unison , at what price he was willing to sell .
The stock market had anticipated a dollar exchange rate that did not come about .
" What do you want them to do when no one believes in the peso anymore , " came the reply .
In the view of Leopoldo Oilvari Sivori of Bacque Sociedad de Bolsa , " the behavior of the stock market is linked to the exchange rate .
But when the greenback failed to achieve its expected value , investors who bought shares at a specific price started selling to earn some spread before the dollar could go lower .
The Merval index moved as expected at the start of a week in which the dollar did not change much in spite of the major uncertainty caused by the return of the single foreign exchange market after 11 years when one peso equaled one dollar .
Last Friday the Merval index closed down a marginal 0.32 percent after a session that traders had predicted would be calm .
As if the crowd and people 's nerves were already not enough to heat up the atmosphere , at noon a march by the Argentine Production Movement and the demonstrations against banks wound up scaring away several savers , who decided to conduct their transactions another day .
Last week it rose because we had different expectations about the value of the dollar , but today it is correcting the 20 or 30 cents that the dollar is down . "
Some specialists feel that " anything could happen " this week , but the trend is downward .
At that point investors were anticipating a possible jump in the dollar when the currency market reopened .
" The calm was due to the fact that there were no importers around , because they do not have authorization , " said Jorge Fogwill of Scotiabank Quilmes .
The presence of the crowd prompted occasional passers-by to express animated opinions and engage in almost philosophical debates about conditions in the country .
Until it does so , the wholesale market , which is the one that can stand up to the Central Bank , is going to remain closed , " explained one trader at a front-line bank .
Investors saw equities as a way of hedging against a possible rise in the dollar .
The boards at exchange offices were again the focus of greatest attention in the Buenos Aires financial district .
Some specialists felt that the peso 's appreciation against the dollar triggered a wave of selling on the stock market as the share prices set in accordance with a higher exchange rate than the one now drooped .
" To sell dollars I have to stand in this line for two hours or so , " shouted Alberto , a laboratory executive .
" Buying dollars for more than 2 pesos is not a good deal , " said Alfredo Piano , the head of the company that bears his name .
As was to be expected , people did not want to support prices beyond 2.15 pesos to the dollar . "
" Great , keep on buying dollars so there 'll be more and more poor people in the country , " shouted one .
He went on to say that the investors who bought shares in recent months start selling as quickly as possible when they see that the dollar exchange rate is not what they expected .
Traders are expecting as calm a session today as yesterday , at least until the Central Bank decides to spell out which transfers it will authorize in the future .
Unauthorized street traders flourished , expecting to make a killing .
In a session that traders described as " wait and see , " trading volume hit 32.6 million pesos .
The people in these lines were in a foul mood .
The government got through the first day of transactions on the floating foreign exchange market without too many difficulties .
" If there are no importers , the market has no reason to heat up , and as long as this continues , there will be no need for the Central Bank to intervene , " he added .
They also explained that the stock market 's behavior would be hard to predict in the coming days since it will depend mainly on the greenback ; as a result , many are saying that there will be " upward and downward price swings . "
The European initiative will serve as a test of not only Israel 's intentions toward the peace process that are known for being negative , but also as a test of the US stand .
The European Union , which is historically and geographically more closer to the Middle East than the United States , had to make a move after the Europeans ran out of patience toward the worsening US stand that supports the Israeli right-wing policies .
Under this plan , the negotiations should focus on a mechanism for Israel 's withdrawal from the occupied territories , ending the settlement activity , finding a just solution to the issue of Palestinian refugees , and allowing time to reorganize the Palestinian house from within with a view to achieving democracy and introducing a multi-party system .
The European plan is sensible because it calls for setting up a Palestinian state in the territories that were seized in 1967 in line with the international resolutions provided that the Israeli side officially agrees to this move .
Perhaps the most important characteristic of the new European initiative is the fact that it annuls the hardline Israeli-US stand , which rejects any kind of political negotiations unless the violence stops completely .
There is no doubt whatsoever that the Palestinian people welcome and support the new European initiative because it is bold and fair and seeks to revive the peace process on realistic and just bases .
The United States pressured the weaker side , the Palestinians , who are under occupation and subjected to repressive Israeli measures , including assassinations , arrests , incursions into cities , demolition of hundreds of homes , and uprooting of thousands of trees .
Spain and France , which were at the forefront , led an intensive media drive to highlight what is actually happening in the Palestinian territories and extricate the peace process from the stalemate .
The peace process was deadlocked as a result of the oppressive Israeli military campaign against the Palestinian nationalistic move and Israel 's insistence on suspending the political negotiations and focusing on military actions to subjugate the Palestinian people and liquidate their legitimate rights and aspirations .
The United States , which is pleased with Israel , did not see these Israeli practices and instead focused its attention on the Palestinians ' reactions that were generated by the Israeli provocations .
This initiative will show whether the United States will give up its complete and blind bias toward Israel in order to achieve a just solution restoring the Palestinian people 's legitimate rights and guaranteeing peace , security , and stability for all nations in the region .
The Palestinian leadership and President Yasir Arafat welcomed this plan a few weeks ago .
This initiative is not partial .
The Europeans were in the right when they emphasized that this unrealistic stand brought the peace process to a deadlock and plunged the Palestinians and Israelis into an endless cycle of violence .
It does not turn a blind eye to the Israeli practices , occupation , and settlement activity and dismisses the notion of punishing the wronged Palestinian people who have been deprived of all their national and human rights .
This initiative disapproves of the flimsy pretexts to increase the Palestinians ' suffering and encourage the Israeli right-wing stands , which is what the US Administration has been doing lately .
Therefore , the political negotiations should be resumed ahead of any effort aimed at achieving a peace acceptable to both sides .
" I think we 've got to be very careful with the rhetoric of that kind , " he said .
Bush 's description of Iran , Iraq and DPRK as " axis of evil " has courted strong criticism from the three countries as well as some of its allies .
In an interview on PBS ' " The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer , " Daschle said Bush 's remarks were wrong .
" I think that it 's important for us to look at each of these countries as threats to this country clearly , as problems that we ' ve got to address clearly " , he said .
Daschle 's criticism was the first from a leading Democrat since Bush delivered his State of the Union address to Congress in which he used the word of " axis of evil " to label Iran , Iraq and the DPRK .
But Daschle also saw the three countries as threats to the United States , saying that Bush was " right in calling attention to the danger they pose to the United States . "
Washington , February 11 ( XINHUA ) -- US Senate Majority leader Tom Daschle criticized on Monday President George W. Bush for his remarks that described Iran , Iraq and the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) as " axis of evil " .
Sources said that while Islam countries request that Israel be harshly condemned in the joint declaration for its policy towards Palestine , the EU side thinks that this issue should be mentioned but a more cautious stance should be assumed .
Turkey , which pays attention to remain neutral in the deliberations as the host country , does not take an active role in the deliberations held by the EU and OIC officials .
ISTANBUL , Feb 12 ( A.A ) - While the sessions continue within the framework of the Organization of the Islamic Conference ( OIC ) -European Union ( EU ) Joint Forum , the preparatory works of the joint declaration expected to be released following the forum also continue .
Diplomatic sources told A.A correspondent on Tuesday that how the Middle East issue would take place in the joint declaration was the main agenda of the deliberations .
Meanwhile , the same official said that he did not agree with the comments that the Forum was " OIC-EU front against the United States. "
To this end , the official said , the forum did not aim to create new disagreements .
Palestinian Foreign Minister Farouk Kaddoumi , who is also attending the forum , called on Monday that Israel should be harshly condemned in the joint declaration to be issued at the end of the forum .
A high-level official told A.A correspondent that Turkey had not taken an active role in those deliberations so far but that it was ready to intervene if the two sides did not reach a compromise .
The case concerns a 23-year-old woman from Menfi in southwest Sicily whom health officials said last week had almost certainly contracted the disease in Italy and at least five years ago .
Police stressed they had stepped up farm inspections across the region of Campania amid heightened concern over illegal slaughtering practices in the wake of Italy 's first suspected case of vCJD - the fatal brain-wasting human form of BSE .
His comments were immediately contested by meat industry representatives and vet associations but the opposition Green party said yesterday there was evidence that illegal slaughtering practices were on the rise in several southern regions such as Campania , Sicily and Puglia and that the meat was entering the food chain .
Federico Piccoli , a top neurologist at Palermo hospital who is helping to treat the woman , immediately warned that further cases of vCJD in Sicily were only to be expected because " the illegal slaughter of animals still goes on here " .
The Sudanese government had always denied that the boat belonged to the army .
KHARTOUM , Feb 13 ( AFP ) - Sudanese rebels have released a group of fishermen they had held for the last six months after charging that their boat belonged to the Sudanese government army , their employer said Wednesday .
" The release was due to tremendous efforts by the citizens who benefit from the company 's services , " the company said in a statement received by AFP , without elaborating further .
The decision apparently aims to make Seoul the primary negotiator in talks with Pyongyang .
Afterwards , Bush 's aides downplayed the severity of Bush 's words , saying the administration seeks negotiations with the North , not war .
In addition , Bush will discuss ways to further the three countries ' support for the U.S.-led anti-terrorism campaign and extend its mission beyond Afghanistan .
While in Tokyo from Sunday to Tuesday , Bush is likely to support Koizumi 's economic reform efforts and express U.S. willingness to help Japan regain its economic vitality .
The North Korea issue flared up after Bush labeled North Korea , Iran and Iraq an " axis of evil " in his Jan. 29 State of Union address , taking issue with their alleged attempts to secure weapons of mass destruction .
During the Kim-Bush summit , the Kim administration will convey its plans to the United States .
North Korea has likened Bush 's " axis of evil " remark to a declaration of war .
Bush 's Asian trip could serve as a turning point for his government 's North Korea policy .
In a related development , the Seoul government reportedly decided to resume talks with North Korea to deliver the concerns of the United States and the international community about its weapons of mass destruction and conventional weapons .
The two leaders will also address North Korea 's conventional military posture , while reconfirming their traditional cooperation in dealing with North Korea .
The Feb. 20 talks between President Kim Dae-jung and Bush will focus on U.S. charges that the North is developing weapons of mass destruction for export to other " rogue " nations .
Seoul , Tokyo , Beijing and Washington all have interests in resolving the North Korea issue .
Lebanese officials have avoided publicly commenting on the new message from Washington .
According to the sources , US fears were based on Israeli information about such a likelihood .
But the sources reaffirmed that Lebanon remained committed to its position regarding the situation on the border , where violations of the UN 's so-called " Blue Line " are usually committed by Israel .
" It is Israel that is responsible for all kinds of provocative activities , " one official source remarked , referring in particular to air raids and other aggressive acts against Lebanon .
The sources said an American message was delivered to the Foreign Ministry on Friday regarding the Bush administration 's claims that Hizbullah was contemplating a new military operation to mark the anniversary of the assassination of then-Hizbullah secretary-general Abbas Mussawi .
According to a government official in contact with US politicians recently , hostility toward Hizbullah has grown tremendously in recent months within the US administration .
Lebanese authorities expect the United States to curb such Israeli infractions , the official source added , rather than adopt Israeli claims and seek security for the Jewish state .
The official did not rule out the possibility of seeing such animosity reflect negatively on relations with Lebanon and Syria - and on the region in general - on the eve of the Arab summit scheduled for March in Beirut .
Washington has expressed concern to the Lebanese authorities about the possibility of a Hizbullah attack against Israel within the next couple of days , and requested that efforts be deployed to prevent such a development , official sources disclosed Friday .
TOKYO , Feb 17 ( AFP ) - Some 300 people demonstrated in Tokyo Sunday against US bases in Japan and the US military campaign in Afghanistan ahead of President George W. Bush 's arrival for an official visit .
US bases out now from Okinawa . "
" We firmly oppose Bush 's war expansion policy , " said Kenju Watanabe , an official of Japan-South Korea People Solidarity , a Tokyo-based citizens ' group at the rally .
" We are also against Japan 's cooperation with the United States over any military action , " Watanabe said .
The peaceful protest was held at Ebisu park some four kilometers ( 2.5 miles ) west of the US embassy , where the US president is to stay until Tuesday .
Another rally was held near the US embassy by some 50 members of environmental non-governmental organizations against a US alternative to the Kyoto climate change treaty .
Protesters carried banners reading " Ratify the Kyoto Protocol " and " Koizumi say 'No ' to Bush : Stick to Kyoto Protocol . "
Demonstrators carried banners which read , " US must stop war .
The government plans to deploy some 18,000 police to boost security during Bush 's first visit to Japan as president .
On Thursday , Bush unveiled an alternative to the treaty he spurned last year , but some environmentalists claim that the proposal only benefits corporate America .
Clinton said he did not support independence for Taiwan , the policy of " two Chinas " or " one China , one Taiwan " and agreed that Taiwan should not be a member of any organisation to which statehood is a requirement .
Compounding fears is speculation that Bush may sign a fresh communique with China in return for Beijing 's support on issues such as anti-terrorism and prevention of nuclear proliferation .
The first was issued during then-president Richard Nixon 's landmark trip to China in 1972 while another one , signed during the Ronald Reagan era , agreed to gradually reduce arms sales to Taiwan .
Wu said he believed overall Taiwan interests were protected from knocks by the Bush administration because the island enjoyed " strong support " among decision-makers in the White House , the State Department and the Department of Defense .
" Such a mindset will impair the healthy interaction between Taiwan and the People 's Republic of China . "
The president has called for a peaceful resolution of the sovereignty dispute between Taipei and Beijing which split at the end of a civil war in 1949 .
Washington had guaranteed Taipei that it would not dilute its backing for the island in return for better relations with Beijing , Taiwan 's foreign ministry spokeswoman Chang Siao-yueh told AFP .
Taiwanese officials are nonetheless concerned .
Taipei was angered when then-president Bill Clinton pledged the " three nos " during his China visit in 1998 .
" Through some proper channels , we have been told that there should not be surprises " during Bush 's visit to China , she said .
Wu defended Taipei 's cautious approach , warning that Beijing could try to use the situation to gain the upper hand .
The sale infuriated Beijing which regards Taiwan an integral part of its territory awaiting reunification , by force if necessary .
" He made it clear that relations between Taipei and Washington are getting better , " said Joseph Wu , deputy director of National Chengchi University 's Institute of International Relations .
" Taiwan 's interest would be harmed if the Chinese leaders took advantage of the occasion by making remarks unfavorable to Taipei and Washington failed to defend Taipei , " Wu warned .
In a speech through videoconference to hundreds of Taiwanese and Taiwanese American students from Harvard , Yale , Columbia and other US universities , Taiwan 's Vice President Annette Lu on Saturday warned of Beijing 's attempt to obstruct cross-strait ties .
" As usual , Beijing will try its best to persuade President Bush into saying something disadvantageous to Taiwan , " she said ahead of Bush 's Asian trip .
TAIPEI , Feb 17 ( AFP ) - Taiwan is keeping a wary eye on US President George W. Bush 's China visit despite assurances by Washington that Taipei 's interests would not be traded away during the trip .
The top US official handling Taiwan affairs , Richard Bush -- no relation of the president -- also sought to ease Taipei 's concerns during a visit to the island last month .
TAIPEI , Feb 17 ( AFP ) - Taiwan is keeping a wary eye on US President George W. Bush 's China visit despite assurances by Washington that Taipei 's interests would not be traded away during the trip .
Wu defended the government 's cautious approach warning that Beijing could try to use the situation to gain the upper hand .
The sale infuriated Beijing which regards Taiwan an integral part of its territory awaiting reunification , by force if necessary .
Taipei was angered when then-president Bill Clinton pledged the " three nos " during his China visit in 1998 .
The top US official handling Taiwan affairs , Richard Bush -- no relation of the president -- also moved to ease Taipei 's concerns during his visit to the island last month .
Clinton said he did not support independence for Taiwan , the policy of " two Chinas " or " one China , one Taiwan " and agreed that Taiwan should not be a member of any organisation to which statehood is a requirement .
Wu said he believed overall Taiwan interests were protected from knocks by the Bush administration because of the island 's " strong support " from decision-makers in the White House , State Department and Department of Defense .
The president has called for a peaceful resolution of the lingering sovereignty dispute between Taipei and Beijing which split at the end of a civil war in 1949 .
Compounding fears is speculation that Bush may sign a fresh communique with China in return for Beijing 's support on issues such as anti-terrorism and prevention of nuclear proliferation .
Washington had guaranteed Taipei that it would not dilute its backing for the island in return for better relations with Beijing , Taiwan 's foreign ministry spokeswoman Chang Siao-yueh told AFP .
But Taiwanese officials are nonetheless concerned .
" He made it clear that relations between Taipei and Washington are getting better , " said Joseph Wu , deputy director of National Chengchi University 's Institute of International Relations .
" Taiwan 's interest would be harmed if the Chinese leaders took advantage of the occasion by making remarks unfavorable to Taipei and Washington failed to defend Taipei , " Wu warned .
The first was issued during then-president Richard Nixon 's landmark trip to China in 1972 while another one , signed during the Ronald Reagan era , agreed to gradually reduce arms sales to Taiwan .
Washington alleges that Tehran has allowed al-Qa'ida fighters and members of the Taliban regime to enter Iran , which Iranian officials have hotly denied but said they would act if provided with evidence .
A diplomatic source said the affair could become " embarrassing " for European countries , " because of the insistence of the Americans on judging for themselves " those who supported al-Qaeda .
German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer last week sharply criticised Bush 's " axis of evil " remarks , telling a newspaper that such a concept " gets us nowhere . "
" People who love freedom understand that we can not allow nations that are n't transparent , nations with a terrible history , nations that are so dictatorial they 're willing to starve their people , we ca n't allow them to mate up with terrorist organizations , " Bush said .
" But the leaders I 've talked to understand , exactly , what needs to happen .
Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder had pledged " undivided support " for the fight against terrorism a week after the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon , saying , " Germany is ready for risks , including military ones , but not for adventures . "
Asked about French Foreign Minister Hubert Vedrine 's criticism of the " axis " concept as " simplistic , " Bush said : " I understand what happens in the international arena ; people say things .
How could it threaten a country that possesses weapons of mass destruction that could destroy entire planets ? "
Kharazi said that some 150 foreigners arrested recently on Iran 's border with Pakistan were not members of the al-Qaeda terror network , but admitted some could be sympathisers and would be sent back to their home countries .
" They are seeking unilaterally to become the masters of the world and want to sweep aside all competitors from other countries . "
Even though US officials have stressed that no firm military plans exist for expanding the war on terror launched after the September 11 attacks , they said late Sunday that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein should go .
" We want to resolve all issues peacefully , whether it be Iraq , Iran or North Korea , " Bush said , speaking next to Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi .
" America 's rulers have proved that they can not be trusted , " he said .
Iran , which has long had tense relations with its western neighbor , voiced opposition to a new US strike against Iraq .
North Korea remains unconvinced , calling Bush the head of " an empire of evil . " Its state media said last week that Bush " is the most bellicose and heinous " US president , and added his visit was only intended to " fan up war hysteria " .
But his tough stand on P'yongyang has provoked concern in Seoul , where President Kim Tae-chung , who is in the last year of his five-year term , has been trying to prise the hermit state out of isolation .
The United States maintains some 37,000 troops on the Korean peninsula , and Bush has called the de-militarised zone dividing South Korea from its hardline communist northern neighbour " one of the most dangerous places on earth " .
The German government spokesman said it would be " useful " if UN observers could enter Iraq again to check for weapons of mass destruction .
" We also hope that Iraq gives a favourable response and allows UN weapon inspectors " to return to the country , he added .
The president renewed his pledge to thwart terrorist groups who want to " mate up " with regimes hoping to acquire weapons of mass destruction and said " nations will come with us " if the US-led war on terrorism is extended .
Bush has lumped those three countries together in what terms an " axis of evil , " in language that has riled US allies .
Angry anti-US protests erupted in Seoul ahead of Bush 's arrival with police storming the American Chamber of Commerce and detaining 32 students occupying the building .
" We 've made no secret of the fact that we think that the world will be much safer when the Iraqi people have a regime that they deserve instead of the regime that they have , " National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice told CBS television .
TOKYO , Feb 18 ( AFP ) -- US President George W. Bush said Monday that all options were on the table to deal with Iraq , Iran and North Korea , even as Germany warned against any " adventure " in Iraq .
At the start of his Asian tour , Bush dismissed a chilly reception by US allies to his " axis of evil " rhetoric , telling reporters in Tokyo , " I will keep all options on the table .
Washington has long accused Baghdad , under UN sanctions since its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , of developing weapons of mass destruction .
In Berlin , Germany 's chief government spokesman Uwe-Karsten Heye told journalists , " The federal government can not imagine that the United States government has an interest in engaging in an adventure " in Iraq .
They are the ones attacking Iraq , not the other way round , " said Ath-Thawra , mouthpiece of the ruling Baath party in Baghdad .
In another verbal attack Kharazi accused the United States of wanting to exercise " world dictatorship " since the " horrible attacks " of September 11 .
During the three-hour occupation , protesters hurled leaflets proclaiming Bush to be a " war freak " .
" We hope that the issue would be solved through peaceful means , with initiatives from the UN secretary general and a more active role by the UN , " Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi told a news conference .
" Even if Iraq possessed such weapons , it could not threaten the United States .
But Baghdad insisted Sunday it could not be a threat to the United States .
" They understand that our commitment is not just in Afghanistan , that history has given us a unique opportunity to defend freedom , " he added .
" It is the United States that is threatening Iraq and not the contrary .
South Korean ministers fear Bush 's tough talking may put back by years Kim 's so-called Sunshine Policy of establishing a permanent peace .
US diplomats say Bush will seek to support Kim 's Nobel Prize winning policy by offering new talks with the North , while remaining firm about North Korea 's missile sales and its feared chemical and biological weapons programmes .
He had also insisted on the right of the allies to be informed and consulted about US plans .
Taipei , Feb. 18 ( CNA ) -- Minister of Foreign Affairs Eugene Chien said Monday he does not expect any surprise developments to come from U.S. President George W. Bush 's visit to mainland China later this week .
Chien said he appreciated statements made by Bush prior to his departure that Taiwan is a friend of the United States and that the Taiwan Strait issue should be resolved peacefully .
The minister further said that since the communication channels between Taiwan and the United States have been operating smoothly , MOFA can fully grasp any possible developments .
They need not be nervous , " he said .
He said Bush is expected to discuss bilateral security cooperation , Japan 's economic reforms and financial aid to Afghanistan in his talks with Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi .
In his view , Chien went on , the main purpose of Bush 's current Asia visit is to promote world peace and security .
" Bush hopes to take advantage of his trip to forge a consensus with U.S. allies in the Asia-Pacific area on his administration 's fight against terrorism and the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
" We hope that people will keep calm .
" The United States has more than once briefed us on the main purposes of Bush 's Asia tour before his departure and repeatedly guaranteed that Taiwan 's interests wo n't be sacrificed during Bush 's trip , " Chien told a news conference .
Chien said the Republic of China government hopes that the United States will continue to play the role of " promoter , stabilizer and balancer " in cross-strait relations .
During his trip to Seoul , Chien said , Bush is expected to exchange views with South Korean leaders on arms procurement and policies toward North Korea .
With regard to the economic recovery on the other hand , the President announced his full support for the prime minister 's structural reform and measures to fight deflation .
Regarding the " axis of evil , " the prime minister explained his resolve to buckle down on the issue , while continuously cooperating with the United States .
The biggest concern in that case would be Japan 's military support system .
At the same time , Japan also plans to " work on Iran and North Korea through Japan 's own diplomatic channels for settlement of the issue , " ( according to a government source ) .
He explained a view aimed at solving the issue through diplomatic and other means for the time being .
In the case of military actions against Iran on the other hand , it also seems that " judging from the lessons we learned from the Gulf War , Japan , which relies on the crude oil from the Middle East , can not refuse offering cooperation , " ( said a Defense Agency source ) .
He then clarified a posture wherein Japan would cooperate with the United States as much as possible .
" The US strategy is beginning to work , " ( said a Foreign Ministry source ) .
As this indicates , discussion on the " axis of evil " was the main purpose of the President 's visit to Japan .
To tighten the noose around the " axis of evil , " the Japanese Government will seek understanding and cooperation from European countries that are critical of the President .
It seems that the government will enact the law for emergencies in an area surrounding Japan if the United States takes military actions against North Korea .
Saying that " all options are on the table " to deal with the " axis of evil , " the President also stated at the summit talks that he would " seek a peaceful settlement . "
At a joint news conference held after the summit talks , the prime minister announced his understanding and approval of the President 's statement designed to deal with the " axis of evil . "
Also , there is a possibility of armed attacks on Japan .
Issues to deal with Iraq , Iran , and North Korea -- which the US President branded as the " axis of evil " in his statement to fight against international terrorism -- and activation of the Japanese economy were the major topics of discussion at the Japan-US summit talks held on 18 February between Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and US President George W. Bush .
It seems likely that in addition to its diplomatic efforts , the Japanese Government will be forced to take concrete actions , including improvement of its legal system , in case the United States takes military actions .
The prime minister announced his cooperation with the United States because he fully understands that " the United States needs Japan 's cooperation , " ( said a senior Foreign Ministry official ) .
While cooperating with the United States , Japan will take the initiative in tackling the issue for eradication of terrorism . "
Since President Bush envisions using all options , however , we can not deny the possibility that the United States may take military actions .
Moreover , Iraq is expected to fight back if it is attacked .
" I believe the comments on the 'axis of evil ' reflect the firm resolve of President Bush and the United States against terrorism .
There is a strong view among officials of the government and the ruling parties that application of the law for special measures to deal with terrorism would be difficult because this law is limited to dealing with the September 11 terrorist attacks on the United States only .
Therefore , the Japanese Government will be forced to introduce diverse legislation for the purpose of giving cooperation for US military actions .
Ever since the President announced the " axis of evil " statement in January , Iran , Iraq , North Korea have been trying hard , out of the fear of possible confrontation with the United States , to deny their involvement in terrorism or proliferation of mass destruction weapons .
But the reality is that " there are many problems , including role sharing in joint actions with the US military , that we need to settle if we want to apply the law , " ( said a Defense Agency source ) .
It would be a choice that confirms the extremist inclinations of some members of the US Administration .
Its name was only mentioned in the axis of evil to remove suspicion around the United States ' hostility to Islam .
On the other hand , written speeches are more indicative of the policy drafted by the decision-making circles for a final decision by the President .
If the United States wages a war against Iraq then this would not be out of necessity , like the war against terrorism .
The first is improvised and not devoid of slips of the tongue .
This leaves Iraq , which the Washington circles want to antagonize and to go to war with .
The second is carefully written and studied from every aspect , and represents the official policy of the country .
Besides , politicians refer to good and evil only for purposes of intimidation and exaggeration .
If it was viable to describe terrorist organizations as evil , then it is not viable to do the same for countries .
In fact , Iraq and Iran were involved in the longest destructive war during the second half of the 20th century .
It is very unlikely that the United States would be involved in a war with it .
As for North Korea , it is a country living in isolation and is keeping its good and evil from everyone else .
The US President is giving two kinds of speeches .
The new axis of evil , which Bush has come up with , by combining the words of Mussolini and Reagan , was not a successful choice .
As for evil , it is a term used by former President Reagan to describe the Soviet Union , although its evil was self-destructive , causing the country to collapse from within .
Every phrase in it was carefully studied , particularly the phrase that referred to Iran , Iraq , and North Korea as an axis of evil .
Perhaps improvisation is a better indication of the inclinations and personal convictions of the President , because by improvising he is expressing what runs through his mind since the tongue is an extension of the heart .
As for Iran , the United States is eager to open a dialogue with it , especially since the reform school in Iran is progressing at the expense of the traditional , conservative school .
However , Nogami grimly replied , " If so , Iran should refrain from actions referred to as aid for terrorists .
" History gave the United States an opportunity to defend freedom .
In advance of the summit , officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( MOFA ) had visualized statements in response to the " Axis of Evil , " providing for a balance between " collaboration with the United States " and " peaceful solutions . "
The Japanese and US governments should restructure the Japan-US alliance via a strategy dialogue , and establish new Japan-US role assignments . "
It was a request asking for Prime Minister Koizumi to serve as a bridge in relations with President Bush , who names Iran as a member of the " Axis of Evil . "
" Our positions are important not only for our two nations , but for the world , " were the words spoken by both leaders in positioning the Japan-US alliance , but they will be faced with difficulties in terms of global security and economic concern .
Deputy Minister Aminzadeh repeatedly said , " In view of current strong conservative factions assuming a rigid stance against the United States , we can not speak openly of improving relations with the United States , but reformist President Seyed Mohammad Khatami does not desire a confrontation with the United States . "
During the just-completed Japan-US summit between Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and US President George W. Bush , the primary topics discussed covered the actions to be taken against Iraq , Iran , and North Korea designated by the President as the " Axis of Evil , " and a recovery of the Japanese economy from the standpoint of global economic stability , resulting in confirmation of Japan-US collaboration .
The above statement was made during the joint Japan-US leaders ' news conference held at the official Prime Minister 's Residence following the Japan-US summit on the 18th by the president , emphatically , in response to a US reporter 's question saying , " Will you be able to secure the assistance of allies in response to the 'Axis of Evil ' ? "
" The possibility is strong that the United States will launch an attack on Iraq , " suggests Takushoku University professor Satoshi Morimoto , who continues , " In collaborating with the United States , Japan should embrace its own strategies .
However , such a scenario can be assured success only if it is underpinned by President Bush 's " policy of not excluding a variety of options " inclusive of military action .
During the summit , Prime Minister Koizumi maintained a clear-cut collaborative stance towards the United States and emphasized : " I got the impression that the President was objective and circumspect , " but suggested caution in resorting to military action .
When MOFA officials noticed Iran sheepishly making an approach , MOFA officials were immensely impressed by the US strategy inherent in the statement about the " Axis of Evil . "
The same source expresses the concern that if Prime Minister Koizumi should retreat from his position in the future , " Not only will he disappoint the United States , but the US ' world strategy could be hobbled and lead to questions concerning the significance of the Japan-US alliance . "
However , according to a Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) Diet member who is an expert in defense issues , Prime Minister Koizumi 's statements concerning actions to be taken in response to the " Axis of Evil " can be viewed as definitely encompassing a " promise to collaborate on the premise that overseas military actions would be possible . "
Prime Minister Koizumi aligned himself and established a distinct cooperative stance in response to the President who has displayed unrelenting resolve and confidence in " fighting terrorism , " in declaring : " The expression , 'Axis of Evil , ' reflects the resolute determination of the United States to deal with terrorism .
In reaction to the better-than-expected response , accompanying presidential sources acknowledged : " We obtained extremely strong support . "
Japan , too , shall assume the initiative in taking action by collaborating with the United States and global society . "
Just as President Bush himself has called for " peaceful resolution in connection with actions to be taken against the " Axis of Evil , " the United States is viewed as organizing a global encirclement to achieve a diplomatic victory .
We have taken action and our allies have offered their cooperation .
However , Prime Minister Koizumi 's message clearly emphasized collaboration with the United States .
" The statement concerning 'Axis of Evil ' is already showing its diplomatic effect . "
Both topics covered complex issues wherein the future is clouded , but both leaders vowed to assume a bold challenge and exchanged firm handshakes .
The true value of the " Japan-US alliance critical to the world " now requires action rather than mere lip service .
If conditions do not change , there is no way Japan can assume a defensive stand . "
However , in the backdrop there is the reality that the Japanese Government does not possess a strategy envisioning military actions nor a legal system or organization to collaborate with the United States in the event of military action .
Japan has expressed its willingness to collaborate in the US world strategy to " fight terrorism . "
Your hypothesis is not irrelevant . "
The United States possesses solid evidence .
WASHINGTON -- The ground must be shaking under the feet of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon , even as his admirers in the United States , George W. Bush et al , are sabre-rattling about America 's new-found " axis of evil " .
Speaking in halting Hebrew , the San Francisco Chronicle reported , Nusseibeh said : " I am here to tell you that there is no one to speak to , except Abu Ammar ( Yasser Arafat ) ...
" Ariel Sharon 's strategy is collapsing , " said the influential Ma'ariv newspaper .
we want a warm peace , not a cold peace , between our nations . "
What the effective ruler of Saudi Arabia had in mind , he told the New York Times on Sunday , was to offer Israel , in an address at next month 's Arab League summit in Beirut , " full withdrawal from all the occupied territories , in accord with UN resolutions , including Jerusalem , for full normalisation of relations " with the Arab world .
Equally significant was the news that the Israeli Council for Peace and Security , a group of 1,000 top-level reserve generals , colonels and Shin Bet ( security intelligence ) and Mossad ( military intelligence ) officials are reportedly planning a public campaign for a " unilateral " Israeli withdrawal from all Gaza and much of the West Bank .
It demands immediate action .
But what makes this offer exceptionally generous is the readiness of a key Arab leader to take this stand at the highest Arab political forum and campaign for it .
But he told the paper 's columnist Thomas L. Friedman , who has been very critical of Arab governments for sitting on the fence during the 17-month Palestinian uprising , that he has now changed his mind about his prepared speech " when Sharon took the violence , and the oppression , to an unprecedented level " .
The key party to the conflict with Israel , the Palestinians , have long argued that they were ready to accept the occupied territories , which amount to only 22 per cent of historic Palestine , as their own independent state .
" At this stage , as difficult as it may be to say so openly , the Palestinians are losing the battles to a superior force , but Israel is losing the war . "
This Arab position is actually not new .
But what was most interesting is that , for the first time , a Palestinian Arab , Dr Sari Nusseibeh , the top Palestinian National Authority official in Jerusalem and president of Al Quds University , addressed the Israeli pro-peace rally .
Internationally , there has been commendable movement to find a new beginning , now that the Oslo peace process is certifiably dead and the American ideas limited to the so-called Tenet and Mitchell plans are stuck for 18 months on ground zero .
As these developments were signalling what one prominent Reform rabbi described as " the resurrection of the moribund peace movement , " Israelis were struck , in the words of The Guardian of London , by " a devastating wave " of Palestinian attacks last weekend on " the symbols of Israeli military occupation -- a Jewish settlement , an army base and a road block , ( thereby ) badly shaking ( their ) faith " in Sharon , who had promised them peace and security when he came to office a year ago .
Whether there is merit in all these activities and ideas -- some seem doubtful -- the event that must have rocked the halls of power in Israel and the United States were the bold views of Saudi Arabia 's Crown Prince Abdullah were heard .
The organisation , according to the Israeli paper Haaretz , is calling for " evacuating Gaza , dismantling 50 settlements , the immediate establishment of a Palestinian state , and immediate peace talks with Palestinians , whether there is a ceasefire or not " .
Although the French have not been able to win approval from their fellow-members in the European Union for new Palestinian elections and the establishment of a Palestinian state , the Spanish Foreign Minister Josep Pique , whose country holds the EU presidency , acknowledged that " we are still debating a number of ideas " .
Over 20,000 Israelis -- a record number -- rallied for peace in Tel Aviv last Saturday , the biggest demonstration by the reawakened peace camp since the current Intifada was unleashed in September 2000 .
Crown Prince Abdullah 's purpose was " to make clear to the Israeli people that the Arabs do n't reject or despise them but the Arab people do reject what their leadership is now doing to the Palestinians , which is inhumane and oppressive " .
The news from Israel is almost earth-shattering .
This time around , the tide has changed and the Saudi leader 's willingness to take this unprecedented step merits more than positive responses from Israel and the United States .
Other participants in the rally were some of the roughly 250 Israeli army reservists who have refused to serve in the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories , Green Line : Students for Borders , the Meretz Party , Labour Party doves , the Kibbutz Movement , Netivot Shalom , the Bereaved Family Forum , Rabbis for Human Rights , Ta'ayush , Yesh Gvul and Gush Shalom .
In Ma'ariv 's weekend opinion polls , some 49 per cent of Israelis agreed , saying the " national leadership has lost control of the security situation " .
The Arab argument of yesteryears was that peace could be established between Israel and the " front-line " states -- Lebanon , Syria , Jordan , Egypt and the Palestinians -- but the remaining Arab states are not obligated to establish diplomatic relations with Israel .
Akayev who will be welcomed by President Ahmet Necdet Sezer with an official ceremony on Wednesday will sign a series of agreements following the meetings between Turkish and Kyrgyz delegations .
State Minister Resat Dogru and his wife Mualla Dogru and Kyrgyz Ambassador to Turkey Medethan Sheremkulov welcomed Kyrgyz President Akayev and her wife Mayran Akayeva at Ankara`s Esenboga Airport .
Secretary-General of the Presidential Office Chen Shih-meng said the U. S. has repeatedly assured Taiwan that Bush will stick to his commitments to help protect Taiwan and he will not do or say anything that could damage Taiwan 's interests while visiting mainland China .
According to Chen , the main purpose of Bush 's mainland trip is to thank Beijing for its cooperation in the U.S.-led anti-terrorist war following last year 's Sept. 11 terror attacks on Washington and New York .
Meanwhile , Chang Shiao-yue , spokeswoman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , reiterated that the United States had briefed Taiwan on Bush 's mainland visit before his departure and made it clear that the trip would not hurt Taiwan 's interests .
21 ( CNA ) -- Relations between Taiwan and the United States have increasingly become " harmonious and close " since U. S. President George W. Bush took office and Bush 's current mainland visit is unlikely to affect the two-way ties , a presidential aide said Thursday .
He voiced his gratitude to Bush for " having honored his commitment " made to Taipei before the Asian trip , which also took Bush to Japan and South Korea .
But he also had a thinly veiled message for leaders in Taipei , saying " we will urge there be no provocation " .
Bush 's comments also pleased Taiwan 's government , which pronounced itself satisfied and thanked Bush for his backing .
" The position of my government has not changed over the years , " Bush reassured his hosts .
Both scrupulously avoided combative talk on the issue , which has been a consistent source of tension between the countries for decades .
" One country two systems " is Beijing 's proposal to reunify with Taiwan while allowing the island some autonomy in a similar arrangement to that which saw Hong Kong return to Chinese rule in 1997 .
Taiwan 's foreign ministry spokeswoman had said ahead of Bush 's departure for Asia that Washington had assured Taipei its interests would not be harmed .
Taiwan on Thursday also called on China to reopen rapprochement talks .
The tone contrasted sharply with the mood last year when Bush signed off on the biggest US arms sales to Taiwan in a decade .
" In my meeting with President Bush , I have elaborated on the Chinese government 's basic position of peaceful reunification and 'one country two systems ' for the solution of the Taiwan question . "
" To properly handle the Taiwan question is vital to the stability and growth of China-US relations , " Jiang said .
The sales angered Beijing and fuelled concern that Washington 's tougher stance might encourage Taiwan to declare formal independence .
Premier Yu Shyi-kun asked Chinese leaders to set aside differences with the island and engage in talks in the aftermath of both their entries to the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) .
Bush 's comments appeared designed to reassure Beijing that Washington has not shifted from its long-standing policy of avoiding making any explicit commitment to come to Taiwan 's defence should China invade .
Bush reiterated his support for the Taiwan Relations Act , under which the United States is committed to providing the island with the means to defend itself .
This is rejected by Taiwan 's pro-independence President Chen Shui-bian .
" We believe in the peaceful settlement of this issue . "
Bush , who arrived in China Thursday morning , said the United States hoped for a " peaceful settlement " to tensions between China and Taiwan and stressed Washington 's policy on the island had not altered .
However some officials voiced concern that China could secure concessions on Taiwan in return for supporting Bush on issues such as anti-terrorism and prevention of nuclear arms proliferation .
Beijing has said it will not reopen talks with Taipei unless the Taiwanese government embraces its definition of " one China " , under which Taiwan is considered part of its territory .
BEIJING , Feb 21 ( AFP ) - US President George W. Bush and Chinese President Jiang Zemin on Thursday carefully played down their countries ' often glaring differences over Taiwan during the US leader 's visit to Beijing .
Chien voiced his gratitude to Bush for " having honored his commitment " he pledged to Taipei before his Asian trip , which also took him to Japan and South Korea .
As to the Taiwan issue , Chien said : " The press conference showed the result of the discussions entirely match our forecast ... "
" We believe in the peaceful settlement of this issue . "
Bush reiterated his support for the Taiwan Relations Act , under which the United States is committed to providing the island with the means to defend itself .
America will remember our commitments to the people on Taiwan , " he said , without elaborating .
Chien said he also hoped " Washington will continue to enhance its ties with Taipei while seeking to mend fences with Beijing . "
TAIPEI , Feb 21 ( AFP ) - Taiwan Foreign Minister Eugene Chien on Thursday hailed US President George W. Bush for not trading away the island 's interests to Beijing .
Chien said the closed-door meeting between Bush and his Chinese counterpart Jiang Zemin suggested there remained differences to be tackled .
Beijing has repeatedly threatened to take Taiwan by force should the island declare formal independence .
Bush , who arrived in China Thursday morning , said the United States hoped for a " peaceful settlement " to tensions between China and Taiwan and stressed Washington 's policy on the island had not altered .
" We will continue to show American power and purpose in support of the Philippines ... Australia ... and Thailand ...
Taiwan 's foreign ministry spokeswoman had said ahead of Bush 's departure for Asia that Washington had assured Taipei its interests would not be harmed .
" The position of my government has not changed over the years , " Bush said .
In a speech to the Japanese Diet ( parliament ) on Tuesday , Bush said the US would continue to support its allies in the Asia Pacific region .
The United States is greatly responsible for the slow settlement of the Taiwan issue and for the " Taiwan independence " forces running rampant .
This will have a certain impact on the US Government 's readjustment and implementation of policies toward China in the future .
Not only today , 10 years ago or even in the early days of China 's reform and opening up , the broad mass of the Chinese people , young college students in particular , know about US values .
Both the Chinese and US sides hold that the visit has achieved positive and successful results .
The US Government should earnestly abide by the three Sino-US joint communiques and relevant commitments , and properly handle the Taiwan issue from a strategic and long-term perspective .
The Chinese people not only understand American democracy , freedom , religions , and human rights , they also know quite well about American social , economic , and political problems , which is beyond Bush 's imagination .
Hong Kong 's public opinion hold that Bush 's visit to China is like delivering a message to the " China threat " advocates in the US Republican Party : Now is the time to engage China in a positive manner .
But the 11 September event makes Bush aware that the major enemy of the United States is terrorist groups , that US security is threatened , and that without support from other big countries , it will be difficult for the United States to win the war against terrorism .
This is to show the world that Sino-US relationship continues to move ahead from the existing basis .
On 22 February , in a speech at Tsinghua University , Bush again stated that " it is very hard for me to use words to describe the earth-shaking changes in China . "
In addition , during his stay in China , Bush expressed " admiration " and " surprise " on several occasions regarding the development and changes in China in recent years and on China 's tremendous development potential .
The Taiwan issue was made prominent during Premier Zhu Rongji 's meeting with Bush and in the questions posed to Bush by Tsinghua students .
That 's why a student asked Bush yesterday how to handle social problems including the problem of the violation of human rights , which is getting worse day after day in the ! United States .
Hong Kong public opinion pointed out that this shows that the Chinese Government and people are extremely concerned about and dissatisfied with Bush 's remarks on the Taiwan issue .
The US Government should realize that the Taiwan issue is the most important and most sensitive core issue in Sino-US relations .
He wanted Chinese officials to show the places where Nixon had stood when he made the ice-breaking visit to the Great Wall 30 years ago .
Bush then rediscovered the importance of China -- a big country on the other side of the globe -- and tries to develop " constructive cooperative relations " with China since it is in accord with US strategic interests .
There is a saying that " people in the world work so hard to pursue gains . " That Bush chooses to increase contacts with China shows that it is impossible for the United States to deal with global issues alone , nor can it afford to ignore China 's major role in international affairs .
Bush hopes that Jiang Zemin would mediate with the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea on the US ' behalf so that the United States can resume talks with the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .
Regarding the major contents and purpose of Bush 's speech at Tsinghua University , it was , as overseas public opinion had expected , a promotion of US values to China .
A Ta Kung Pao editorial pointed out that obviously Bush did not make these remarks out of courtesy to the hosts , but that development and changes in China did indeed leave a deep impression on Bush and his party .
Hong Kong media also generally maintained a positive stance toward the trip and welcomed the visit .
We see that Bush stopped referring to the " strategic competitor " remark during his visit in China , since a confrontation between the two biggest countries on both sides of the Pacific brings no good to world peace and economic development .
Bush 's visit to China has been a success .
This is of vital importance to the situation in the Taiwan Strait , to peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region , as well as to the healthy development of Sino-US relations .
Hong Kong , 23 Feb ( ZTS ) -- US President Bush concluded a two-day working visit to China , during which he exchanged in-depth views on Sino-US relations and on major international and regional issues with the Chinese leaders , and reached extensive and important consensus .
When he revisited the Great Wall , he could hardly hide his excitement .
In an editorial , Wen Wei Po noted that 30 years ago Nixon developed strategic relations with China due to the US strategic interests and to the need to deal with the Soviet Union , the United States ' biggest enemy .
Thirty years later , the United States now considers itself the world 's sole superpower .
The United States appreciates the role that China plays in helping solve the conflict between India and Pakistan .
In an editorial , Hong Kong 's Shang Pao pointed out that in the course of reform and opening up , the United States is a country that the Chinese people want to understand the most and that the United States is a country that is easiest to understand .
It is not that China is only making a dynamic economic progress and becoming a military superpower .
Of course , China will not concur with the United States ' position , but it appears that the United States is trying to strengthen relations so that it can always convey a clear message to the Chinese side .
This displayed intentions of both the United States and China to make Bush 's China visit a " new milestone " for the two countries ' relations based on the trust built by Nixon 's visit ( as US Ambassador to China Clark Randt cited ) .
It is preferable to gain China 's understanding and cooperation on antiterrorism and strategic issues .
Recently , both US and Chinese authorities often use the phrase , " direct and constructive relationship of cooperation . " At the US-China summit talks , the gap between the two countries ' points of confrontation such as on the issues of Taiwan and Iran , China 's exportation of weapons of massive destruction , human rights , and religious suppression was not bridged .
For the US-China cooperation to become a " new milestone " for peace and stability , it is necessary for China to become a nation with higher transparency .
As the exceptional comment on China that Bush made in his speech to the Japanese Diet during his visit shows , Bush 's desire to develop ties with China is very strong .
Yet , the biggest significance lies in that the United States and China reaffirmed cooperation for the world and Asia 's peace and stability .
There were no remarkable agreements at the summit talks with Chinese President Jiang Zemin other than Jiang Zemin and Chinese Vice President Hu Jintao 's promise to visit the United States .
Bush 's visit to China was set on the date of the 30th anniversary of " former US President Richard Nixon 's visit to China , " which is said to be the " week that changed the world . "
Bush redefined China as a " strategic competitor " and increased the sales level of arms to Taiwan .
This means that regardless of such points of confrontation , the two countries will develop a relationship of cooperation .
Bush 's China visit this time also seemed as if the United States was returning to the engagement policy it took toward China during the Clinton administration era .
Bush made a commitment to a " constructive relationship of cooperation " at the US-China summit talks ( in Shanghai ) last October , and the US-China relations was restored .
The two countries ' relations began to improve since China expressed active support for international cooperation against terrorism in the wake of the simultaneous terrorist attacks on the United States last September .
The row between the United States and China on the US missile defense program , China 's suppression of the religious group Falungong , and the collision of the US and Chinese military aircraft was only becoming worse .
At the first half of last year , the US-China relations drastically worsened .
Yet , the United States plans to take the policy of strengthening cooperation with China and involving China further in the international community .
It presupposes that light and darkness , good and evil , mind and matter are irreconcilably opposed forces .
Jim Hoagland of the Washington Post understood that Bush is planning longer wars .
The British do not consider themselves to be European and are grateful to the Americans for their help in the Falklands War .
But it is precisely on this choice of words that we should dwell .
The differences could be resolved or a compromise could be reached .
The " axis of evil " is " not necessarily the expression that the Europeans would use , " EU Commissioner for External and Security Policy Javier Solana says , but one should not dwell on the choice of words .
US President George W. Bush is insisting on his somewhat insane plan to lump Iraq , Iran , and North Korea together .
Previously , Powell saw clearly that the antiterrorist chain could break if Iraq were attacked without the approval of the Europeans .
It is true that Washington emphasizes repeatedly that the United States is in a war , but the right of all prisoners of war has long been denied these people who are so far only suspects .
He sees an " axis of evil " here .
It is the Americans , however , who have not been able to live without a convincing concept of the enemy since the time of the Native Americans .
Solidarity has its limits after all .
He had just recently -- and he was the highest-ranking military officer in the Gulf War in 1991 -- held that an attack against Iraq would be inappropriate , and now he is admonishing the Europeans that they should be criticizing not the United States but the dictatorial regime in Baghdad .
Bush backtracked .
Fabius says he sometimes has " the feeling that they believe countries are poor because they want to be . "
The Americans do not see this , quite the contrary .
Who would have thought ten years ago that the United States would be capable of carrying fighters in an Afghan civil war across the sea and depriving them of their rights ?
Evil in politics has truly become an unmanageable concept .
The saying goes : " I 'm an American and I 'm damned proud of it . "
Weeks ago George W. Bush , who appears determined to install a new government in Baghdad , declared the creation of a Palestinian state as good as decided .
They are vegetating in a place where they have no rights , because the intention is to deny them an appeal before court of law in the United States .
Spain 's head of government and current EU Council President Jose Maria Aznar : " This is a historic moment , since Europeans and North Americans must redefine their alliance . "
France 's Finance Minister Laurent Fabius thinks that there is something the United States above all fails to understand : To secure the future , an increase in development aid is absolutely essential .
Protests from Jerusalem .
It had been expected of the President that he would manage change in the world , Hoagland noted critically , and not try to change the world by command .
Today he says action could be taken without considering the Europeans .
The most US-friendly member of the federal government , Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer , reproached Washington for its " narrow concept of security " meaning that there is not enough money for maximum arms procurement and development aid simultaneously .
If it were only a matter of objective differences of opinion , than it would all be only half as wild .
" Alliance partners , " according to our Joschka , " are not satellites . "
Even German foreign policy , however late , has come to its senses .
He would just as soon avoid a cultural war that had been talked about for so long .
But the political classes in the United States , and not only they , consider America as something special , as " God 's own country . "
Neither the United States nor Europe can count on them .
Secretary of State Colin Powell would have had to resign had he not given in .
One must not force Iran to the side of Saddam Husayn .
It is the American mentality indeed that we will not be able to change until the end of mankind .
So it has not done the US legal system any good that there is no enemy of consequence in sight .
The numbers are expected to increase as more journalists were accredited yesterday .
He also has a quality deemed necessary for exercising his office in the current crisis : political flexibility .
Fernando Henrique was heard " with interest and attention , " as they say in diplomatic jargon , but he did not move the group .
After favorably describing Duhalde , the president asked for understanding and support for his Government .
However , that is likely just an aggravating factor in the crisis : the politicians who are running the Argentine process are almost exclusively from Buenos Aires or the province of Buenos Aires , like Governor Carlos Ruckauf .
One of the businessmen present told Valor that the uncertainties in relation to Argentina involve not only the future , but mainly the country 's present .
In his appraisal , the solution will demand many sacrifices by the elites and by the people , a true restructuring of the national compact .
President Fernando Henrique Cardoso made a harsh appraisal of the situation in Argentina in a private conversation with a group of Swedish businessmen last Friday in Stockholm .
He said that , in face of the economic and government paralysis , it is not possible to rule out the risk of a breakdown in the nation 's institutions .
" We simply do not understand what is going on there , " the businessman summarized .
He said he believed that the risk of contagion in the region has been overcome , but he asked President Fernando Henrique Cardoso , who was in Argentina before traveling to Europe , for a more complete evaluation .
The Brazilian president said that a solution for Argentina , even over a longer term , is not a sure thing , due to the institutional risk .
That restructuring has to go beyond the relations between the provinces and the central government , a traditional question in Argentina , the president said .
" There is concern over a degeneration of the democratic process in Argentina , " the president stated , according to two of the meeting 's participants .
According to Fernando Henrique , President Eduardo Duhalde has " quite a sharp insight " into the scope of the crisis .
Thinking of building a Great Wall of China in the Middle East , replete with elaborate fences and tunnels , is conceding that Israel is not safe , not a normal country .
Sharon has ensured that Israelis are rapidly absorbing the lesson that no place in Israel can be considered safe .
The only way out of the current spiral of violence is for Israel to limit itself to areas within which it can assume responsibility for its citizens ' security .
Practically speaking , a buffer zone will be near impossible to erect .
Unilateral separation without a negotiated agreement could be realized - only if Israel is willing to uproot around 100 settlements .
The buffer zones that Ariel Sharon intends to establish are an explicit admission that Israelis can no longer live by the sword , that the occupation is not working , and Israeli reprisals are not meeting with success .
A total disengagement from the Palestinians , complete with walls and razor wire , might provide Israel its long-desired security and might free it of the burden of trying to control seven million desperate Palestinians , any number of whom are willing to die in order to end the occupation .
It can not integrate itself into the region , it is an alien seedling and , thus , it is better to isolate and fortify itself as a lowly outpost .
Sharon has not brought the Israeli public security .
But Israel has not once deigned to propose that the Palestinians live with the Israelis as full citizens in the same sate .
Israelis do not wonder any longer how to get along with Palestinians but how to avoid the need for it .
By a margin of 2-1 , Israelis think Sharon has no plan to end the violence and the buffer idea buttresses this long-standing view .
With grim determination , he has destroyed the peace process and the Oslo agreements .
Then there is the eventual goal of the peace process : the coexistence of Israel with the state of Palestine .
Israel does not want the Palestinians to be part of the same country , or have one of their own .
But separation will not mean an end to the occupation and no Israeli government can provide security as long as it persists in its efforts to maintain its presence beyond Israel 's pre-1967 borders and to retain territories inhabited by millions of Palestinians .
Sharon says flatly he will not withdraw from a single settlement .
A wall and miles of fences is not the best of solutions .
Does anybody believe that the intifada can end as long as Israel persists in the occupation of the territories and Palestinians are willing to die in large numbers to deny Israel that privilege ?
He thinks that every settlement is important and is determined that Israelis must retain as much land in the West Bank and Gaza Strip as possible .
And now he doggedly continues to demolish and prevent any hope of a road to peaceful coexistence .
This means a return to Israel 's pre-1967 borders .
By now , it should be clear to everyone that retaliating against every act of Palestinian resistance with Israel 's superior ability to punish Palestinians does not provide the security that Israelis are demanding .
A physical border between Israel and a new Palestinian state will be twisted and distorted to accommodate Jewish settlers in the West Bank and Gaza .
Dismissing the EU move last week , President Mugabe said Zimbabwe would withstand the sanctions imposed by Britain and its allies and would never abandon the land issue .
" The United States believes that targeted travel restrictions against those who are responsible for Zimbabwe 's crisis will advance positive change by signalling our support for the democratic forces in Zimbabwe and focusing international scrutiny on the appropriate actors , " the US embassy said .
The move follows the European Union 's decision last Monday to impose sanctions on Cde Mugabe , Cabinet ministers , senior Government and military officials , including a freeze on their alleged overseas assets and a travel ban to the 15-nation bloc .
West aims 'to prop up MDC '
" They are saying that they are placing sanctions on leaders so that they do n't come to Europe .
Nigeria , Tanzania , South Africa and the Organisation of African Unity lambasted the EU .
Namibia said Zimbabwe had the right to invite observers for its elections .
The EU decision was roundly condemned by African countries , which described the move as neo-colonial .
" This is neo-colonialism and economic colonialism .
In a show of solidarity with Zimbabwe , Tanzanian President Benjamin Mkapa said African countries should not let themselves be manipulated by the EU and other powerful nations .
I 'm saying this because some are beginning to forget that it was in Berlin where they had gone to decide on the Balkanisation of this continent into countries which they later came to colonise . "
We can visit other countries in Asia and Africa , " he said at a rally in Nkayi .
However , the Government has said the sanctions are meant to prop up the opposition MDC ahead of next month 's presidential election .
The US embassy said the sanctions also applied to those who " formulate , implement , or benefit from policies that undermine or injure Zimbabwe 's democratic institutions or impede the functioning of a multi-party democracy .
It said there was no justification in the EU 's move and the body should not regard itself as more competent than others in election observation .
Foreign Affairs Secretary Mr Willard Chiwewe said the West was in a hurry to prop up the MDC .
" What will I be wanting in Europe ?
Herald Reporter - THE United States has imposed targeted sanctions on President Mugabe and other senior Government officials for the alleged deteriorating political situation in the country , the US embassy said at the weekend .
What is Europe .
This ideology was explicitly embraced by the rightist blocs in the ruling Israeli coalition and is implicitly encouraged by Labor Party ministers in the current Israeli Government .
It is the Palestinians that are calling for the implementation of the agreements , understandings , and recommendations pertaining to the Palestinian-Israeli conflict .
This is especially true after the Palestinian Authority [ PA ] carried out the difficult Israeli demands and arrested three individuals whom Israel accuses of assassinating Israeli Minister Rah'avam Ze'evi despite the ramifications that these arrests could have led to on the internal Palestinian arena .
However , it appears as if the international community is tolerating the Israeli campaign of suppression that contradicts the efforts to calm down the situation and the Palestinian hand that is stretched for peace and a settlement .
However , the repeated Israeli message is the resort to all means to impede the march for peace and to consecrate violence and counter violence .
The Palestinians believe that such a step would realize their national aspirations to full sovereignty despite the perils and implications that such efforts may have on their national unity that puts the higher Palestinian interests above every other consideration .
This state of affairs provides suitable conditions to Israel to continue its occupation , colonialism , and building of settlements that have been imposed by military force on the Palestinian territories since 1967 to date .
So far , Israel 's provocations have led to the slaughter of more than 50 Palestinian males and females and injured scores of others .
No one expected the Israeli Government to issue its latest decision restricting President Yasir Arafat 's movements and confining him to the city of Ramallah .
They believe that such a step would lead to a permanent settlement of this conflict on the basis of the resolutions of international legitimacy .
They believe that these constitute a preliminary step to the resumption of the peace process at the point at which it stopped .
The Palestinians are sending out a clear message of peace that is loud and clear .
However , the awareness , the challenges of the current stage , and the sense of responsibility overcame all the temporary factional considerations .
Moreover , the attacks are continuing on the Israeli military checkpoints even against vehicles transporting pregnant women in labor and against unarmed citizens trying to cross these checkpoints that have been erected between the beleaguered Palestinian towns and villages that are surrounded to the point of strangulation .
They are no more than frail excuses and pretexts to evade the peace process since this process does not agree with the ideology of expansion and the building of settlements .
It is clearly obvious to the international community that the Palestinians seek peace .
Israel 's impossible terms can not be met by a nation that is determined to preserve its dignity and national unity .
These Israeli aims are clear and do not need further clarification or explanation .
It is to be noted that over the past five days , the Palestinian side demonstrated clear self-restraint and abidance to the cease-fire despite Israel 's provocations and the bloodbaths that the Israeli army committed against the Palestinians during this period .
Head of International Cooperation Department of Romania 's Nuclearelectrica Teodor Chirica says that the VVER-1000 technology to be contributed by Russian experts is accepted in the world because is coated for protection and built on US and German supervision and automation systems .
Given the stake at play , namely electricity exports , other countries have also voiced interest in contributing to the finalization of works on reactor III and IV at Cernavoda .
On a recent visit to Turkey , Romania 's Prime Minister Adrian Nastase presented his Turkish counterpart Bulent Ecevit the advantages of investments in the plant at Cernavoda , which include a generation price of $ 12/MWh .
Romania has built the first reactor at the Cernavoda n-plant on Canadian technology , having opted for a CANDU type of reactor instead of Russia 's VVER-4000 .
High-ranking officials of the state and defense departments made preposterous remarks , saying that our country is the world 's biggest exporter of WMD , ballistic missiles , and relevant technology .
The conduct of the United States will only invite worse criticism and rejection from world people in the future .
We will fight the US imperialist war maniacs , including Bush , who try to threaten national dignity to the end and settle scores with them .
Bush , in fact , should not have made such remarks in his State of the Union address .
It is also the United States that has placed the international situation in such a complex state and is going haywire to dominate the world .
We will continue to [ unmonitorable for 20 secs ] to US unjust acts in the future .
As we mentioned earlier , it is the United States which produces and possesses the greatest number of nuclear weapons and WMD and it is also the United States that threatens other countries the most with these [ weapons ] .
High-ranking officials of the US administration , including US Vice President Cheney , actively chimed in with his absurd remarks .
As a matter of fact , the fellow who wrote Bush 's address inevitably submitted his resignation .
It can not be anything but gangster-like logic for such a country to label other countries , which are dignified sovereign states and UN members , as an axis of evil .
As everyone knows , the United States is currently getting strong criticism , denunciation , and rejection from many countries of the world , and is being cornered by impartial public opinion and the people due to Bush 's referring to Iraq , Iran , and our country as an axis of evil .
What they have crafted out of this was our so-called sales of weapons of mass destruction [ WMD ] and ballistic missiles and concerned technology sales .
Not satisfied with this , the United States is trying to develop new nuclear weapons by resuming underground nuclear tests in the future .
The United States is indeed the ring leader and empire of evil , which perpetrates spiteful conduct of all kinds worldwide .
It is simply a blatant act of the world 's worst rogue state to do someone harm .
It is the United States that possesses the world 's largest quantity of WMD and inflicted nuclear disaster on humankind .
According to a report , a majority of the residents even within the United States are denouncing Bush 's reckless remarks .
Inspecting US Air Force bases some time ago , Cheney maintained that the United States would not accept WMD threats .
Following his vicious remarks that called our country an axis of evil in his State of the Union address , it has already been revealed that [ US President Bush ] talked nonsense that the targets of the US anti-terrorism war will include not only international terrorist organizations but also countries that develop weapons of mass destruction [ WMD ] .
The US imperialist war maniacs are clinging to a new conspiracy in order to escape such a predicament and divert the arrows aimed at them in other directions .
Because the remarks absolutely do not go with the reputation of the United States , which is carrying out all kinds of vicious conduct .
However , no one will fall for their acts .
In order to add credibility to the US imperialist war maniacs ' conspiracy , they did not forget to label our country as the number one country in WMD and ballistic missiles sales and concerned technology sales that were already mentioned .
How accustomed they are to trickery !
The United States can never dampen or bend our unwavering will .
The war maniacs of the United States ' Bush administration continue to spew out vicious remarks against us , despite the strong protest and denunciation of people around the world .
The US authorities should stop these acts and making remarks that smear their own faces .
This , in fact , signifies that he inevitably had to leave the White House , driven out by the anti-Bush hot winds from around the world .
This is another diversionary tactic to divert the criticism of people around the world , which was provoked by the fact that Bush had made an announcement on an axis of evil and it had caused a great controversy to the world , to us .
There is no question about the WMD-developing countries he pointed out , including our country as well as Iraq and Iran .
Hence , the whole world is currently decrying the United States to such an extent .
As the engineering sector has more graduates than job openings , the association 's representative offices in the Gulf states look to bring engineers from Jordan to work in the Gulf , said Hneidi .
Currently , many engineering students in universities prefer to specialise in the electrical or computer disciplines because the demand for them is higher .
This year it plans to increase the number of trainees to 1,000 graduates , which will require more funds .
" The aim is to give the engineers a real chance to practise what they studied in theory at university , " said Hneidi .
One of the JEA 's obligations stipulated in its bylaws is to provide training for its members .
" The association is willing to cover it , " Hneidi said .
The ship is believed to carry illegal immigrants .
The persons wanted to escape abroad .
Anti-smuggling teams in Izmir stopped two buses in Bornova town and captured 108 persons including 28 Turks who wanted to go to Germany , in the buses .
We have to wait until the elections are over before concluding . "
However , Zimbabwe 's minister of state for information , Jonathan Mayo , accused Blair of leading a " racist " campaign against its former colony and lashed out at his attacks on Mugabe as " thoroughly disgraceful and unacceptable " .
" Our people have decided and that is what matters to us .
Why should it handle Zimbabwe ? " , Mkapa said , railing at what is being perceived as interference in another country 's internal affairs .
" How does it ( the Commonwealth ) handle Zimbabwe ?
It is believed that the proposal calls for a report from observers within two weeks of the elections , and a decision to be made in full on whether to impose sanctions within four weeks .
Several Asian nations have privately said they would also oppose sanctions .
Mugabe has reportedly told Blair " to keep your pink nose out of our affairs , " the Sun-Herald reported here Sunday .
The issue has threatened to fracture the organisation along rich/poor , black/white lines , despite calls from its head , Queen Elizabeth II , in her opening address Saturday to work to bridge cultural differences .
It 's not their ( Britain 's ) right or responsibility to decide on our elections . "
Fijian Foreign Minister Kaliopate Tavola told journalists that as a nation which has suffered Commonwealth sanctions , Fiji believed they were the wrong way to go .
" I mean , if there was n't ( suspension ) in these circumstances , the Commonwealth would be badly damaged , " he warned .
But proposals involving a timetable for the imposition of post-election sanctions put forward by Canada 's Prime Minister Jean Chretien to the leaders ' retreat provided the first sign of a possible breakthrough .
Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer told Australian television Sunday there was some sympathy for Mugabe 's comments among African leaders , whose countries were once part of the British empire .
Britain and Australia have abandoned their push to suspend Zimbabwe from the Commonwealth before the March 9-10 elections in face of increasingly angry opposition led by Nigeria , South Africa and Tanzania .
COOLUM , Australia , March 3 ( AFP ) -- Hopes of a breakthrough in the Commonwealth 's bitter deadlock over Zimbabwe rose Sunday as Canada sought to resolve the row after African nations accused Britain of neo-colonialism .
" The Canadian position was that the elections will occur a week from now and that we have observers there .
Tanzania 's President Benjamin Mkapa earlier told journalists in a stout and rare public defence of Mugabe , that even discussing the situation at the Coolum talks threatened the " prerogative and sovereign right of the people of Zimbabwe to make an unfettered choice of their leader and government " .
He said the formula proposed by Canada would include " a mechanism for a quick decision " once the results of the elections are known , but would not be drawn further .
" Everybody has agreed that nothing will be done before the elections " , Chretien told reporters here Sunday , adding a communique would be issued Monday .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Sunday that if President Robert Mugabe won and it were clear he had won by fraud , then he had no doubt Zimbabwe would be suspended .
He also claimed the opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai was a British sponsored candidate .
" What we do in Zimbabwe as an independent sovereign state is in accordance with our constitution and our laws , " Moyo told reporters .
" There is still that very strong sense that Britain and other countries ( are ) sometimes being neo-colonialist . "
They believe the credibility of the Commonwealth will be severely damaged if there is no decisive action .
But Britain still wants sanctions imposed if Commonwealth monitors find evidence of ballot rigging .
" Go to hell , " said Mugabe .
MKAPA SAYS PUNITIVE ACTION AGAINST ZIM PREMATURE
It is not evolving in Coolum .
" I do n't think it has reached a point that we will have alienation because of what is going on in Zimbabwe .
The Commonwealth had observers in Zimbabwe , so why do n't we listen to them " , he told reporters .
Speaking ahead of the second executive session of the Commonwealth Heads of government in the Australian east coast resort on Coolum , he said any decision on sanctions or suspension would be premature ahead of the election : " The scene is evolving in Zimbabwe .
Let 's wait and see ... Let the observers give their observation and then we will know if its free and fair . "
Blair has warned that the 54-member Commonwealth 's reputation could be damaged if it failed to take decisive action against Mugabe .
Mkapa also indirectly criticised British Prime Minister Tony Blair who is on record as saying that the elections were likely not to be free and fair .
Mkapa reiterated that quiet diplomacy was the correct route to follow , a view shared by his other Southern African Development Community colleagues .
Commonwealth leaders on Saturday delayed talks on how to respond to the political crisis in Zimbabwe , opting to do so on Sunday in the privacy of their traditional retreat , away from advisers and officials .
If we are to make an intelligent , rational decision , then we need to allow the scene to be played out there .
Mkapa said he has a real problem with the media which assumed that if President Robert Mugabe won the elections , it would not have been a free and fair poll .
The BBC reported that Blair was hopeful that if Mugabe did win the election then Zimbabwe 's suspension from the h would follow .
I do not like the assumption , that unless Mugabe or Zanu-PF loses the election , it will not be free and fair . "
" That 's ridiculous .
Tanzanian President Benjamin Mkapa joined his African counterparts here on Sunday in rejecting calls from Britain , Australia and Canada for punitive action against Zimbabwe ahead of the presidential elections in that country on March 9 and 10 .
He made such charges despite the fact that women 's political , social and cultural participation is not less than that of men .
Copithorne , who has served in the UN post since 1995 , through his Iran reports to the UN Commission on Human Rights ( UNCHR ) , whose 53 member states open an annual six-week session on March 18 , has clearly shown that he is under the strong influence of Zionist circles and Washington 's biased attitude towards the Islamic Republic .
This spiteful attitude clearly shows that Copithorne is only a hireling tasked with tarnishing the image of the Islamic Republic and its senior officials .
In other cases , he made unfounded charges by accusing Iran of discrimination against women and minorities .
Women in Iran hold managerial , academic and parliamentary posts and even have positions in the government and the cabinet .
And as far as minorities are concerned , they enjoy rights equal to those of the Muslim majority , as they have their own representatives in Parliament and practice their religion quite freely .
He also tried to portray a false image of the Judiciary and its officials and went so far as to accuse the Judiciary officials of human rights violations !
The UN rapporteur 's new report on Iran , which he submitted to the commission on Friday , includes nothing new .
This means that his annual anti-Iran reports are only dictated to him by Zionist circles and arrogant powers like the United States that lost their illegitimate interests in Iran with the victory of the Islamic Revolution and downfall of their puppet Pahlavi regime .
In his report , the UN human rights rapporteur also interfered in Iran 's internal affairs .
[ " Opinion " : " Independence of UNCHR impugned by biased reports " ]
For instance , he denounced as a human rights violation the banning and seizure of satellite dishes in Iran , while the measure has been taken in line with the law .
Interestingly , although Copithorne has not visited Iran since 1996 , he continues to submit his Iran reports to the UN Commission on Human Rights without having any knowledge of the realities in the Islamic Republic .
Publishing such biased reports will only create mistrust among nations regarding the objectives and independence of the UN Commission on Human Rights .
In most cases he described the legal punishments like floggings and executions of murderers and major drug traffickers that are applied based on the Shria , or Islamic law as human rights violations .
The United Nations human rights rapporteur , Maurice Copithorne , on Friday once again repeated his stereotyped allegations against the Islamic Republic by expressing concern over what he called human rights violations in Iran .
We can only tackle climate change effectively through a multi-lateral process .
The decision also makes the Member States ' greenhouse gas reduction commitments ( the so-called " Burden-Sharing Agreement " ) agreed in June 1998 legally binding .
We all know that even the targets in the Kyoto Protocol are only a first step if we want to prevent the severe consequences that climate change could have . "
All countries have to act , but the industrialised countries have to take the lead .
Environment Commissioner Margot Wallstrom stated : " This is indeed a good day for the climate and for sustainable development .
The Commissioner also stated that she was grateful for the strong support received from the European Parliament to secure timely EU ratification , and pleased with the confirmation by the candidate countries that they are on track to ratify .
We want the Protocol to enter into force before the World Summit on Sustainable Development this summer . "
The Commissioner finally welcomed indications by Japan , New Zealand and Norway that they are preparing for ratification , and strongly called on others , notably Russia , to do the same .
The scientific evidence on climate change is stronger than ever .
I am confident that Member States will take the necessary steps in order to allow for a simultaneous ratification together with the European Community before 1 June 2002 .
The Commissioner concluded by stressing the need for further EU emission reduction measures : " The European Commission has already proposed measures to reduce emissions at the lowest economic cost , including an EC-wide emissions trading scheme to begin in 2005 .
Referring to President Bush 's climate change plan for the US that he announced on 14 February the Commissioner noted : " These proposals will not lead to a reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States but allow a significant increase .
Further proposals are in the pipeline .
Today the Council of EU environment ministers adopted the Commission 's proposal for a decision to ratify the Kyoto Protocol .
" The fact that at least 25-30 industrialised countries are likely to ratify the Protocol within this year is a clear signal that the Kyoto Protocol , with its legally binding targets and timetables , is the only effective international framework for combating global warming . "
The President of the European Commission Romano Prodi said : " Today is an historical moment for European efforts to combat climate change .
I urge our partners both in the developed and in the developing countries to also ratify the Kyoto Protocol soon .
With its decision to ratify the protocol at EU level , the European Union stays true to its ambition to enable the Kyoto Protocol to come into force by the World Summit on Sustainable Development in August/September 2002 .
Once again , the EU is exercising leadership in addressing this global environmental problem , as we have done in Bonn and Marrakech last year .
" Action to fight climate change is vital to achieve sustainable development , Mrs. Wallstrom added .
However , all Member States have to take their responsibility to ensure that they meet their burden-sharing targets . "
We continue to urge the United States to return to the Kyoto process . "
I am convinced that improving the environment through technological progress can actually enhance our competitiveness and economic growth .
The European Commission strongly welcomes this decision .
To protect our climate we will have to reduce emissions .
The EU continues to call for the United States to participate in the global framework for addressing climate change .
I am very pleased that the Council has now approved the Kyoto Protocol thus enabling the EU to proceed with its ratification .
By taking this decision , the EU has reaffirmed its commitment to pursuing multilateral solutions to issues of global concern .
This is what sustainable development is about : Protecting our eco-system while ensuring economic prosperity . "
However , the report comprehensively blamed the North Korean authorities for committing wrong-doings in terms of human rights .
The U.S. report stated North Korean residents have no power to peacefully replace their government and cited reports of executions of citizens in the North .
" The U.S. report is feared to further encourage North Korea 's resistance against the United States , which was triggered by Bush 's recent Seoul visit , " a government source said Tuesday .
Recently , North Korea strongly denounced comments made by U.S. President George W. Bush during his Seoul visit last month accusing the North Korean leadership of starving its people while developing weapons of mass destruction .
Meanwhile , some experts do not regard future Pyongyang-Washington relations with such pessimism , saying this year 's U.S. human rights report on North Korea was not as severe as previous years .
The U.S. State Department on Tuesday ( KST ) rated the human rights situation in North Korea " poor " in its annual human rights report , casting dark clouds on the already tense relationship between Pyongyang and Washington .
The report particularly designated North Korea , along with Myanmar , China , Iran , Iraq and Sudan as countries of special concern in connection with religious oppression .
Such an unfavorable report for North Korea is likely to produce a negative effect on Pyongyang-Washington relations for the time being .
North Korea is expected to call the U.S. administration 's report a " groundless plot " or an " intervention of domestic affairs . "
It also took issue with the lack of religious freedom in the communist country .
In the department 's human rights report , the United States did not use the term " axis of evil , " which first appeared during President Bush 's State of the Union address in late January .
On the other hand , the report described South Korea as " generally respecting the human rights of its citizens " although problems remain in some areas .
The report also noted improvement in human rights records in such countries as Bahrain , Peru , Qatar and Oman .
In connection with freedom of speech and press , the report said the Seoul government abandoned direct control over the news media , but it continues to exercise indirect influence , and government officials vigorously lobby reporters and editors .
" Citizens are detained arbitrarily , and many are held as political prisoners and prison conditions are harsh .
The constitutional provisions for an independent judiciary and fair trials are not implemented in practice , " the report said .
The U.S. State Department published its annual human rights country report Monday , reconfirming poor human rights conditions in North Korea .
It cited controversial massive tax probes of media firms which critics accused of being an attempt to curb media criticism of the government while the government maintained the tax audit was a legitimate activity and long overdue .
The report pointed out as " remaining problems " in South Korea , police 's physical or verbal abuses of detainees at times and the National Security Law ( NSL ) 's infringement upon free expression and other civil liberties .
The " Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2001 , " submitted to Congress , said North Korea 's human rights record remained poor , and it continued to commit numerous serious abuses .
Meanwhile , the report called Afghanistan " a triumph for human rights in 2001 , " saying that after the U.S.-led war on terrorism , Afghan citizens have been released from the brutal and oppressive rule of the Taliban and Afghan women , who suffered violence and repression , are now beginning to resume their roles in society .
It also estimated that anywhere from several hundreds of thousands to two million people died from starvation and related diseases .
In particular , trafficking in persons was a problem .
It also noted President Kim Dae-jung stated repeatedly that promoting the rights of women was a priority goal .
This is taking place at a time when the government of [ George W. ] Bush has been identified as the top violator of human rights of the last Christian year because of the restrictions imposed on the American citizens under the excuse of fighting terrorism .
They can not , therefore , blame the world for viewing such reports as a tool to advance America 's foreign policy .
The most interesting point is that America has been expelled from membership of the international human rights organization , because of its repeated violation of human rights .
Only after the extensive protest of the world [ media ] and the human rights organizations , the American administration was compelled to partially recognize this right .
The State Department 's current expression of view on human rights records of other countries is in fact the continuation of the same unilateral policy pursued by the American administration .
The American administration , during Bush 's presidency in particular , has adopted unilateral policies over such international issues as the reduction of strategic arms , environmental concerns including the Kyoto protocol , proposal to set up an international criminal court and lately over the fight against terrorism .
The American Department of State , in its annual report on human rights , has accused a number of countries , including Iran , of human rights violations .
The American administration is keeping the Taleban and Al-Qa'idah prisoners in metal cages named detention centres and it is refusing to identify them as prisoners of war .
How can , under such circumstances , America allow itself to express an opinion over the issue of human rights in other countries ?
That is , American administration assumes the right to interfere in all international issues and internal affairs of other countries , but itself does not care about the concern of the global community vis-a-vis the American policies which at times influence a large part of the world .
Moreover , the American administration has violated the rights of the minorities and in particular the Muslim minority who have migrated to America .
It seems that America 's unilateral policy does not identify any limits for itself .
So far the Bush administration has denied its citizens their legitimate rights , has set up military courts to try the people charged with terrorism without giving the accused the right of appeal or the basic right to appoint a lawyer .
This is another example of human rights violations in America .
It is a human virtue to express concern on human rights issues in the world , but the American authorities - after massacring thousands of innocent people in Afghanistan under the excuse of fighting terrorism which is still continuing - can not expect the people of the world to take seriously the annual report issued by their Department of State on human rights .
Touching on the importance of modern technology in preventing and reducing crimes in society , Parvin also thanked the active participation of local and foreign companies at Iran 's First International Police and Security Equipment exhibition .
Pointing to the presence of Interpol officers and the representatives , ambassadors and military attaches from different countries , including Russia , Saudi Arabia , Slovakia and Italy , Parvin said despite the fact that it was the first exhibition of its kind in Iran , it was extensively welcomed by many companies .
At the ceremony , which was held in the presence of some security and government officials as well as a large number of foreign ambassadors and military attaches from 15 foreign countries , the participants praised those companies which emerged superior at the exhibition .
He also gave the news about the holding of a similar exhibition by Iran and Russia in Moscow and hoped that the Iranian companies would present their equipment at this exhibition .
He also assessed the achievements of the exhibition as very useful and satisfactory , hoping that the police and security forces would be equipped with the latest and most modern technology so that they can expedite their activities in their campaign against crimes .
" Authorities still were quick to suppress any person or group , whether religious , political , or social , that they perceived to be a threat to government power or to national stability , and citizens who sought to express openly dissenting political and religious views continued to live in an environment filled with repression , " the report charged .
" This is unreasonable and done with ulterior motives , " he said .
The United States has rejected China 's repeated calls to consider Xinjiang separatists as terrorists .
The 2001 Country Reports on Human Rights , released in Washington Monday , also gave poor grades on rights to North Korea , Iraq , Iran , Myanmar [ Burma ] and Vietnam as well as mixed reviews to Indonesia and Cambodia .
BEIJING , March 5 ( AFP ) -- Beijing condemned Tuesday as " unreasonable " an annual US State Department report that criticised China 's human rights record for abuses including torture and the repression of religious and ethnic minorities .
" The US government turns a blind eye to this situation and points fingers at the internal affairs of other countries and distorts the status of human rights in other countries .
Kong also warned Washington against double standards in the global war against terrorism .
" The Chinese government and people express their deep dissatisfaction and firm opposition , " he told a press conference .
Beijing 's human rights record throughout 2001 " remained poor " , the State Department concluded in its scathing 70,000-word report .
" East Turkestan forces are participating in and fighting with the Taliban , this is a fact known to all , they are a component of international terrorist forces and a target of international forces fighting terrorism , " he said .
Uyghur separatists seeking to establish an independent " East Turkestan " in China 's western-most Xinjiang region were terrorists who had cooperated with Afghanistan 's former Taliban regime and needed to be wiped out , he said .
The Chinese government was devoted to promoting and safeguarding human rights and fundamental freedoms , Kong said , and added there were " numerous cases " of human rights violations in the United States .
" The State Department 2001 human rights report goes against the facts and is interference in China 's internal affairs under the pretext of human rights , " foreign ministry spokesman Kong Quan said .
With the signing of the protocol , he said , GCEP hopes to attract more funding to contribute to the international community 's efforts in reducing greenhouse gases , which trap heat in the earth 's atmosphere thus causing climate change .
Other developed countries like Canada have shown reluctance towards signing the Kyoto Protocol , saying it would cut the national GDP by up to 2.5 per cent in 2010 and cause economic damage worth 30 billion Canadian dollars ( $ 19 billion ) .
In March 2001 , the US administration opposed the protocol by saying that it contravenes US economic interests , a decision slammed by European Union countries at the time .
Although developed countries are the world 's main source of large-scale air pollution , Jordan 's decision to sign the protocol is aimed at stressing its " commitment towards the different international conventions , " Juneidi said .
AMMAN -- Jordan said it will sign the Kyoto Protocol , a UN pact on impeding global greenhouse gas emissions , following a recent Cabinet decision , according to Faris Juneidi , director general of the General Corporation for Environment Protection ( GCEP ) .
On Monday , the 15 European Union member states agreed to be formally bound to the Kyoto accord , and complete the ratification by June 1 this year .
China had always " firmly opposed " the US Taiwan Affairs Act , which mandates by law the US defense of Taiwan and forms the basis for US arms sales to the island , he said .
In a press conference on the sidelines of the current full session of parliament -- his annual opportunity to present China 's foreign policy objectives to the outside world -- Tang largely steered clear of subjects over which Beijing and Washington disagree .
" President Jiang and President Bush held an important meeting in Shanghai in October where they agreed that both countries would work together to build a constructive and cooperative relationship .
When asked whether the anti-terror alliance meant good relations between the country were based purely on expediency , Tang disagreed , saying cooperation " was long-term " .
" I wish to emphasize that the Taiwan question remains the most sensitive and most important issue at the core of the Sino-US relationship , " he said .
BEIJING , March 6 ( AFP ) -- China 's foreign minister on Wednesday pledged to expand " constructive and cooperative " relations with the United States , in a notably conciliatory performance at his annual get-together with the media .
" This is a very important consensus , " Tang said .
Even when the perennially divisive issue of Taiwan was raised by reporters , he offered only mild and routine criticism of US policy towards the island .
Sino-US ties have greatly improved since Beijing backed the US fight against global terrorism and its bombing campaign of terrorist targets in Afghanistan following the September 11 terrorist attacks on the United States .
However he stressed that Taiwan remained the crucial issue between the two .
Overall , despite a " grim and complicated " post September 11 international order , China still maintained that " peace , stability and development " remained the main themes characterizing the world environment , Tang said .
" We are ready to work together with the US side to narrow differences , expand common ground , increase exchanges and promote cooperation in order to further push forward the constructive and cooperative ties , " Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan told journalists .
Tang conceded there had been " twists and turns " following US President George W. Bush 's accession to the US presidency in early last year , but said the relationship had improved with Bush 's visits to China in October and last month .
The tone of Tang 's press conference was markedly different to that of last year 's equivalent event , during which he roundly criticised United States arms sales to Taiwan .
US accusations of China 's alleged proliferation of weapons of mass destruction have long been countered by Beijing with loud opposition to US weapon sales to Taiwan .
Tang called on Washington to uphold the so-called " one China policy " -- the centrepiece of Beijing 's dealings with Taiwan which categorises the island is an inalienable part of mainland territory -- but failed to specifically condemn Washington 's arms sales to Taipei .
China will seek to improve the relationship still further during visits by President Jiang Zemin and Vice President Hu Jintao to Washington later this year .
This is what the government says in several parliamentary answers requested by IU [ United Left ] , BNG [ Galician Nationalist Bloc ] and IC-V [ Initiative for Catalonia-Greens ] to which Efe has had access and which say that " to describe the treatment applied to the prisoners as inhumane is not justified , nor do the so widely circulated and commented on photographs of the prisoners at Guantanamo reflect the humane and reasonable treatment they are being given " .
The government is " convinced " that the Bush administration will guarantee the fundamental rights of any prisoner and makes clear that " it has no reason to think otherwise " , since the USA has expressed its readiness to guarantee these rights and has given the " appropriate assurances that the treatment given to the prisoners is the appropriate one " .
In its reply it recalls that from the outset the EU passed on " confidentially " its " worries " about the treatment the prisoners were receiving but it explains that both the British government and the International Committee of the Red Cross have recognized that the treatment is in line with international humanitarian norms .
Spain believes Camp X-Ray prisoners treated humanely
Madrid , 10 March : The government , the current holder of the rotating EU presidency , thinks that it is not appropriate to make further representations to the USA about the situation of the Taliban prisoners held at the Guantanamo base since it holds that the treatment they are receiving is " humane and reasonable " .
China is charged with , " under the pretext of the international antiterrorist campaign , " beginning " a new offensive on religious minorities , persecuting Muslims in its Xinjang-Uighur autonomous region . "
The authors ' particular concern is raised by the situation in China , Russia , and Saudi Arabia .
Russia is accused of the " excessive use of force " against Chechen separatists , of " injudicial " shootings and arrests in Chechnya .
Israel was also the target of no small number of critical shots .
Saudi Arabia is accused of torture , to which prisoners in this country are subject to .
In these countries in 2001 , " human rights were violated particularly frequently and unceremoniously . "
Officially Israel recognizes the Palestinians ' rights to their lands in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank of the Jordan River , but it is conducting a war without rules , " utilizing force in an inappropriate volume . "
However , the State Department gives the Saudi government its due , recalling Crown Prince Abdallah 's peacemaking initiative , proposing that the Arab world recognize Tel-Aviv in exchange for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from occupied Palestinian lands .
Although , of course , these super-rigid activities are to a great extent warranted , the State Department notes .
Possibly , in the eyes of the report 's authors , such a step on the part of Riyadh excuses it to a certain extent for its other transgressions .
Incidentally , the State Department does not consider Russia 's involvement in the antiterrorist campaign a " mitigating factor . "
JAKARTA ( Agency ) : Indonesia and Singapore have agreed to settle their differences quietly following a row over claims by Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew that terrorist leaders are at large in Indonesia , Foreign Minister Hassan Wirajuda said as quoted by AFP Tuesday .
The claim sparked protests and demonstrations in Jakarta and Hassan called it " provocative " .
Indonesia has come under pressure from several quarters to take tougher action against alleged terrorist leaders but has played down the threat .
" The two governments have actually reached an agreement not to settle their dispute openly , but to settle whatever had arisen from the statement by Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew through official channels , " Hassan told reporters .
Singapore late last year 13 suspected members of the Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist group for allegedly plotting to blow up US targets there .
The neighboring countries have several mechanisms for handling disputes , he said , without elaborating .
The cleric , who has been questioned by Indonesian police but not detained , denies any links to international terror .
But he has described Osama bin Laden , the alleged mastermind of the September 11 attacks on the US , as " a true Muslim fighter " .
Lee last month said leaders of regional extremist cells are still at large in Indonesia .
On Sept. 25 , amendments to the Penal Code stipulated sentences of up to three years in jail and a JD5,000 fine for the publication of reports " sowing the seeds of hatred and malice , " or disparaging the Royal Family and heads of state of friendly countries .
The temporary laws " expand the scope and definition of terrorism and place additional restrictions on freedom of expression and the press , " the Amnesty report said .
" Our reply is going to be brief , because we feel that the report is repetitive , " Bawab said .
" We have contacted all concerned authorities , starting with the Interior Ministry and law enforcement agencies , to gather comments and suggestions to be included in our replies , " said Bawab , who is responsible for the international organisations desk at the Foreign Ministry .
" A few years ago , these reports were shocking : It was only from such documents that many heard for the first time about issues such as domestic abuse or honour crimes in Jordan , " said Kilani , who is also the Jordan representative of Transparency International .
" We do not have to reply , but we have been replying for years , because we believe in our good [ human rights ] record and feel that we have nothing to hide , " Bawab said .
The country 's eight independent human rights organisations have welcomed steps to set up the NCHR , which , according to the draft law for its creation , will act as an " ombudsman " office to look into individual claims of human rights violations and abuses .
Another amendment defined terrorism as " any act of violence or use of threat , regardless of reason and aim , executed individually or collectively to disturb public order and endanger public safety and security . "
According to Amnesty , these amendments " criminalise peaceful activities unrelated to politically motivated violence . "
In a report entitled " Jordan : New Security Measures Violate Human Rights , " Amnesty International expressed concern about laws and amendments introduced to the Penal Code after the Sept. 11 terror attacks in the US as part of an anti-terrorism package .
The State Department report alleged that " the government restricts freedom of assembly " and " there are significant restrictions on citizens ' rights to change their government . "
The 12-page State Department annual report on human rights in the Kingdom said there were cases of arbitrary arrests and incommunicado detentions in 2001 .
Ambassador Bawab only said the State Department 's report was " repetitive , " pointing out that in some cases it contained three or four separate references to the same incidents , some of which were already mentioned in previous years ' reports .
As awareness increases and public institutions start addressing issues that were taboos only a few years ago , additional pressure is on the authors of human rights reports to be more accurate , Kilani noted .
" But now more people know about these issues , public awareness and access to information have increased , and special centres for women and children are being established , " she continued .
The government is currently taking legislative steps for the establishment of a National Centre for Human Rights ( NCHR ) , following recommendations by a Royal Commission on Human Rights established by His Majesty King Abdullah in March 2000 and chaired by Her Majesty Queen Rania .
It also cited " a lack of transparent investigations into allegations of wrongful deaths that occurred during police detention in previous years . "
According to human rights activist Saeda Kilani , reports by the State Department and other international watchdogs are no longer received with " shock " by public opinion and officialdom alike , thanks to increased public awareness and access to information .
" Now more people will be able to judge if a report is not so well sourced , or thoroughly investigated , " she said .
Representatives of more than 40 political parties of 25 European countries even sent letters of protest to Bush .
Justice always finds support and sympathy .
A typical example : An international conference of representatives of nongovernmental organizations from more than 150 countries , held in Brazil , adopted a resolution criticizing Bush 's " axis of evil " argument .
This sort of position and posture on the part of big powers drove the United States into a corner .
The United States found itself literally in the plight of a punching bag .
Inside the United States itself , too , there were widespread debates against the Bush gaffe .
Notwithstanding , the United States is insisting that so-and-so is part of the " axis of evil . "
The position of Middle East nations for a fair settlement on problems of their region also won the support of international communities .
Western nations and US allies , for the first time ever , took such a concerted stance critical of Washington .
An overview of international developments in February , among other things , clearly points to this fact .
By doing so , he openly declared policy of isolation and stifling against the progressive nations .
In contrast , injustice can not escape denunciation and rejection .
In February , many countries around the world and international public opinion came forth supporting our country .
The general situation in the new century is making turns in favor of the independent developments of progressive nations including our country .
In a rally held in Syria , activists emphasized that " we will continue to strengthen our solidarity with the Korean people and always stand with them in the same trench steadfastly . "
It was because Japan , taking the stand supporting Bush 's " axis of evil " rhetoric , openly embarked on the path of maneuvering for overseas aggression .
This fact proved that the world stands on the side of justice .
It precisely is an empire of evil .
A spokesman of the EU Commission , at a press conference , expressed concerns over the Bush gaffe labeling [ North ] Korea , Iran , and Iraq as the " axis of evil " and said that " the EU 's high representatives do not agree to such policy . "
To prove it , the arguments gained ground in many countries that , for a fair settlement on the Middle East issues , Israel must discontinue its attacks against Palestine and suppression of Palestinians and the United States must not use double standards .
The denunciation and rejection of injustice and the support and encouragement to justice , evident in the February international developments , do reflect change in the 21st-century international relations in which imperialists are weakening and aspirations to independence are strengthening .
This time , however , they spoke out against it and attacked without hesitation .
Like this , it is inevitable for injustice to meet denunciation and rejection .
Bush 's " axis of evil " argument is an undisguised declaration of war and a rhetoric threatening aggression .
Justice always finds support , however .
In February , the media in many countries around the world and international public opinion came forward opposing Bush 's " axis of evil " remark .
US military and diplomatic officials also came forward justifying Bush 's " axis of evil " remark .
It is also the biggest terrorist country .
In February , Japan , along with the United States , became another target of strong denunciation .
None of them approves of Bush 's one-sided , self-righteous policy .
The United States found itself under fire at international conference halls , too .
At a P'yongyang joint conference , too , of organizations of friendship and solidarity with the Korean people and international organizations for democracy , participants adopted a resolution and sent a letter of protest Bush .
The French foreign minister demanded that the United States abandon its one-sidedness , saying that global problems can not be solved by Washington 's arbitrary decision .
All this clearly shows the extent of world support for the cause of justice of our people .
In a forum of European political parties , held in Belgium , participants appealed to all progressive political parties of the world to defend Korea 's socialism .
Washington is even more troubled by the attitude of Western nations and allies toward the United States .
China and Russia took exception to the gaffe , stating that they " oppose " it or " find no grounds for any support . "
Bush , in a flurry at such moves , went the length of staging the farce of creating a permanent diplomatic agency to prevent the spread of anti-US sentiment .
Everyone opposes and rejects it .
Meanwhile , in various countries around the world , demonstrations and rallies against the Bush remark and the United States were held almost daily .
In the past , it was their attitude trying to read Washington 's mind and doing nothing that would incur its displeasure .
Subsequently , Bush repeatedly trumpeted his " axis of evil " theory on many occasions and , when he sneaked into Japan and South Korea , too , made nonsensical gaffes getting on the nerves of our country and other countries .
One can imagine the extent of such EU sentiment from the descriptions of Bush in French newspapers , such as one depicting him as the modern , 21st-century version of " The Stars and Stripes . "
Newspapers , news agencies , and broadcasts in many countries -- including China , Russia , Cuba , Syria , Vietnam , Laos , France , Nepal , United Kingdom , Libya , and United Arab Emirates -- gave prominent coverage to the statement of the foreign ministry spokesman of our country .
Voices criticizing it rose high among big powers , too .
In February , the European Union [ EU ] stepped up its moves to bluntly criticize and oppose the " axis of evil " rhetoric .
Also , there was a cartoon showing him in so ferocious an image wearing a T-shirt and jogging pants bearing some English letters , baring his teeth and with a glare of hatred in his eyes .
Countless letters , statements , and comments protesting the gaffe were made public .
As was reported , US President Bush , unreasonably linking the " weapons of mass destruction [ WMD ] " and " support of terror " issues to us and Iran and Iraq , raved about what he called " axis of evil . "
As seen in the above , the world 's public sentiment stands on the side of justice .
It is impossible to expect members of international communities to accept such US policy .
The great leader Comrade Kim Il-song taught : " It is the current of history that the desire of the people is realized and the cause of justice wins . "
The UK foreign minister said that , although the UK has been acting as a close ally of the United States since the " 11 September incident , " it " can no longer stand shoulder to shoulder " with it .
Rallies for solidarity with our country were held in many countries around the world .
It is a fact that Palestinians are becoming more militant and that the nature of their resistance to occupation is changing dramatically .
He would want to show the Israelis that they will not be safe unless his army escalates that aggression to a point where the Palestinians would beg for surrender .
In 1982 , Israel invaded Lebanon and its troops reached Beirut in a one-sided war that was aimed at destroying the PLO and burying Palestinian claims to their land for good .
The first popular uprising , the Intifada , of 1987 and then the second one , which erupted 18 months ago , were desperate means by conquered Palestinians to end the occupation .
Throughout these wars and invasions , the West Bank and Gaza Strip and millions of Palestinian inhabitants succumbed under the mighty stranglehold of Israeli occupation .
Sharon is managing and sustaining a pogrom that puts every Jew and every Israeli to shame , because the enemy for Sharon 's soldiers is largely invisible .
Throughout these years Israel kept on building new settlements or " fattening " existing ones and expropriating Palestinians lands .
Palestinian territories remain under occupation and the political process that was launched in the early 1990 's to end it has floundered .
But it is not war by any military definition .
They are also legitimate options of national liberation .
Palestinian reprisals also hurt innocent Israelis because Sharon and his policies have made every Israeli an enemy and a target .
In the past 18 months more than 1200 Palestinians have been killed , mostly civilians , and mostly in their homes , camps , offices , schools , and factories -- not on the battlefield .
Those who say the Palestinians had never tried non-violent means of resistance forget that they had endured more than 20 years of occupation pleading their cases before their occupiers and world public opinion .
It is chaos bordering on a binge of wanton killing that is achieving nothing in political or military terms for either side .
But the truth of the matter is that Israel and the Palestinians are not at war .
And as long as this pretence of a vicious war against Israel holds , Sharon can keep his waning grip on power for more time .
Their shells and bullets are gunning down innocent people on daily basis .
And by applying the pressure cooker effect he will only reap sporadic but painful retaliatory responses from young and hateful Palestinians who seek liberation in death rather than staying alive under occupation .
But judging from how the cycle of violence accelerated in the past few weeks , the war that the former general wants to ignite is not going to come .
Many thousands were maimed and injured , hundreds of homes demolished and thousands of hectares of farmland destroyed .
There is no war other than the blind and murderous rage of a defeated colonial power .
Against the backdrop of a brutal occupation , the only war that Sharon is waging is against the only possible salvation , which is an eventual peaceful coexistence between two peoples who will have to learn to accept and to share the same land .
An estimated 130,472 Palestinians had been injured , 481 expelled , 22,088 held without trial , 2533 houses demolished or sealed and , equally important for the eventual division of the land , 184,257 Palestinian trees uprooted . "
Sharon would want to describe his aggression as a war .
Instead , he has invented a reality that is much worse than war .
Ariel Sharon would want the Israeli public to believe that it is a war out there and that the Palestinians are bent on destroying the state of Israel .
If these statistics amount to anything , they point to the continuing waste of human life and property that millions of Palestinians under occupation endure on a daily basis .
Israelis are not expected to abandon their prime minister in the middle of a war !
What Sharon has succeeded in doing is to radicalize the Palestinians even further .
In 1987 , they revolted , resorting to stones , demonstrations and strikes , and the Israelis responded swiftly by breaking their limbs and shooting unarmed civilian demonstrators in cold blood .
Little has changed since then .
This is the only way he can keep the support of his coalition government and the general public .
In the letter , to which Efe has had access , Aznar and Prodi explain that on 4 March the council of EU environment ministers agreed the adoption of a decision for approval of the Kyoto Protocol on climate change on behalf of the European Community .
" Therefore , we have complete confidence that the instruments of ratification of the European Community and of the 15 member states will be able to be lodged with the Secretariat of the United Nations within the time scale anticipated , in other words , in early June of this year , " they add .
They explain that this agreement is an important step for the EU in fulfilling the political pledge to achieve ratification of the Protocol before the Johannesburg summit on sustainable development .
To this end , Aznar and Prodi report that only the internal ratification processes in each of the member states have now to be concluded and they emphasize that these are at an advanced stage and in some cases have been completed .
They make this request " convinced of the Russian Federation 's resolute commitment to the Kyoto Protocol " and believing that in this manner the EU and Russia would continue to show the " leadership " which they believe they have shared " with such fruitful results , in international cooperation in the fight against climate change " .
( CORR ) Spanish premier , EU leader urge Russia to ratify Kyoto Protocol
Barcelona , 14 March : The current president of the EU , Jose Maria Aznar , and the president of the European Commission , Romano Prodi , have sent a letter to Russian President Vladimir Putin in which they urge him to promote the ratification by Russia of the Kyoto Protocol on climate change .
However , the letter emphasizes that for the Kyoto Protocol to be able to enter into force in the near future it is not enough for EU ratification to be guaranteed and they thus urge Putin to ensure that Russia also moves ahead with ratification .
Another officer said the loose structure of the smuggling ring made the investigation more difficult .
He said that the bust was nevertheless a significant and successful strike against gangs and businesses engaged in human smuggling .
Police seized 33,9000 euros -- believed to be earnings from smuggling operations -- in the apartment of the 35-year-old suspected ringleader .
They said the re-elected president received much of his votes from the rural areas , where voter turnout was considered much higher than that in towns and cities .
The issue of good housing and similar services is also a top priority of the government , " Mugabe said in a recent rally held in the capital Harare , the biggest political fortress for the MDC party .
" I am 77 years old , but I am still going strong .
Of the 1,685,212 votes Mugabe garnered , there are some more votes coming from towns and cities , which were boosting his lead in the crucial poll .
Their comments were echoed by rural voters , who said the majority of them , who voted for ZANU-PF , were voting for land , and they will get it .
Harare , March 14 ( XINHUA ) -- Despite the shortcomings of incumbent President Robert Mugabe 's rule which has seen Zimbabwe 's economic decline in recent years , the 78-year-old leader has carried off the palm in the country 's closest-fought presidential election since independence 22 years ago .
Under his blueprint , the government hopes to stabilize the economy through curtailing state expenditure , reforming public enterprises and expanding agriculture .
The government has been giving us land and that will win us votes , " said Kudakwashe Mapfumo , whose family was among the first beneficiaries of the land reform .
My fist carries a force , which can make one tumble and roll over 77 times , " Mugabe boasted in a recent rally .
" We want to come up with policies that will result in the creation of more jobs for the youths and those leaving school and colleges .
However , a large number of middle-aged people , who benefited from Mugabe 's reign , are still nostalgic about the lost time and voted for him with a strong hope for economic revival .
Analysts said another reason for Mugabe to win the poll is his wise campaign strategy .
After defending his " crown " to his last-ditch efforts , the veteran statesman , who bragged him a " young old man " with abundant reserves of energy to continue ruling Zimbabwe , has finally won the political boxing match against Tsvangirai , a more youthful opponent , who celebrated his 50th birthday on Sunday .
Although some things have gone wrong under ZANU-PF leadership , Zimbabweans still chose Mugabe , the political strong man , because they said they were lured by his Millennium Economic Recovery Program .
While depending heavily on his rural support , Mugabe told thousands of urbanizers he would focus on housing and job creation if re-elected .
" People in the rural areas support the ruling party because our party has been genuine on its policy on land reform .
During Mugabe 's 22-year-rule , the country used to boast of having a good education system and a good health system , which was to some extent affected by the lackluster economy .
Despite the economic hardships and food shortages currently experienced by Zimbabweans , analysts said there are other major achievements Mugabe 's government is credited for .
Mugabe , whose strongholds are in the countryside , took election campaign to urban areas , where Tsvangirai enjoyed much support among those urban workers .
Analysts said Mugabe , the last of the old African nationalists who rode to power on the colonial winds of change , has won on the strength of the appeal of ZANU-PF 's land policy , under which the government was seizing idle farms from white farmers , who own the bulk of the country 's arable land , to resettle landless peasants .
Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi congratulated Mugabe on his reelection , saying his victory and that of his ZANU-PF party was " testimony of the confidence and high esteem the people of Zimbabwe hold in you " .
The South African government in a statement welcomes the fact that the actual elections and subsequent processes have proceeded without any significant conflict among the participants .
British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said " for months the government of Zimbabwe has conducted a systematic campaign of violence and intimidation , designed to achieve an outcome -- power at all costs . "
" On the basis of observations made during the voting , verification and counting process on the ground and objective realities , the OAU observer team wishes to state that in general the elections were transparent , credible , free and fair , " the team 's leader Gertrude Mongella said .
Within the 14-nation Southern African Development Community ( SADC ) , a team from the SADC Council of Ministers considered that the vote in Zimbabwe was a " true reflection " of the people 's will .
The statement said , according to the Preliminary Report of the South African Observer Mission , Zimbabwe 's elections should be considered as legitimate .
" The people of Zimbabwe have re-elected you because you have been same ( consistent ) in defending their inalienable rights to their country 's freedom , democratic and sovereign government , " Mkapa said .
The SADC Council of Ministers in a statement appeals to the people of Zimbabwe to accept the results .
The Nigerian government , a key player in Africa 's reaction to events in Zimbabwe , will announce on Thursday its verdict on the elections , Information Minister Jerry Gana said .
He also said the European Union will consider toughening sanctions on the Mugabe regime when foreign ministers meet ahead of the Barcelona summit on Friday and Saturday .
The OAU observer team in Zimbabwe described the election held on March 9-11 as " free and fair . "
He said that Mugabe has " stolen " Zimbabwe 's vote , an outcome that would have " enormous implications for the nature of UK-Zimbabwe relationship . "
France 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Francois Rivasseau said that Zimbabwe 's " election can not be considered as substantially free and fair . "
" It was upon the people of Zimbabwe to decide who should lead them and they have done that loudly and clearly . "
" I am pleased to send my warm congratulations on the renewed and the deserved presidential mandate the people of Zimbabwe have given you , " Mkapa said .
Germany 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Andreas Michaelis said that " all information points to the fact it can not be assumed there were equal chances for the candidates in this election . "
" It would be a great tragedy for anyone to determine the outcome of an African election in Europe , " Mkapa said .
US Assistant Secretary for African affairs Walter Kansteiner in a statement called Zimbabwe 's election flawed , saying that the US would consider further sanctions against Mugabe and his government .
The chief SADC parliamentary observer Duke Lefhoko said that " the results are the affair of the people of Zimbabwe . "
Nairobi , March 13 ( XINHUA ) -- Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe 's reelection has been praised by the Organization of African Unity ( OAU ) , African countries , but condemned by some western countries .
However , Zimbabwe 's presidential election was condemned by some western countries .
Denmark 's Foreign Minister Per Stig Moeller said his government will cut aid to Zimbabwe and likely shut down its embassy in Harare .
In his congratulation message to his Zimbabwean counterpart Robert Mugabe , Tanzanian President Benjamin Mkapa calls him a champion of democracy .
Both tourists and businessmen are likely to use the route , the Kazakh Railroad Company believes .
Instead of blindly accepting every demand made by the United States and responding positively to every American phone call , Pakistan should take every single step carefully .
Pakistan should draw its own conclusions in the light of its own circumstances , from this report issued by China .
Pakistan also needs to rethink in this regard .
After the 11 September events , the United States completely ignored the international convention of human rights and by doing so negated its own constitution .
He also condemned the statement made by President Bush terming Iran , Iraq and North Korea as 'axis of evil ' and that these countries are preparing weapons of mass destruction .
As a result , the United States formed a coalition with the aim of bringing an end to terrorism and the Taliban , due to which bombardment is still continuing in Afghanistan .
The CIA was given the task to topple governments and install rulers of its own choice .
The way in which Pakistan has been fully supporting the United States after 11 September 2001 -- the total benefit of that has been earned by the United States .
Apparently President Bush 's attitude looks like a reaction to the events of 11 September 2001 .
In the document serious criticism was made on the expanding military presence by the United States at the international level and it was demanded that the United States should stop the policy of dominating the world .
According to China , the American society is engulfed by violence and crime .
It has been clearly mentioned in various documents including the US National Security Council memorandum number 68 issued in 1950 , that US supremacy has to be maintained at any cost .
Encouraged by the global community 's shameful silence , the United States has announced the second phase of its war against terrorism .
It can be derived from this that the US attack on Afghanistan without any logic , was not an impulsive action but the psychology of maintaining US supremacy was fully involved in it .
The United States has never tried to make a self-assessment .
The Iranian President Mohammed Khatami , on the start of his visit to Austria , protested against this dictatorial move by the United States .
The actual US objective is the protection of its own interests worldwide for which it does not care for any moral values .
This not only shows the double standards of the US but also its selfishness .
It is possible that the United States itself planned this suicidal attack .
After the 11 September suicide bomb attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon , the United States , instead of investigating the matter and coming up with proof , put all the blame for terrorism on Afghanistan .
The above-mentioned statement by China is the first ever by an important country after the 11 September events in the United States .
Racial prejudice has assumed alarming proportions .
Five hundred Taliban prisoners arrested from Afghanistan are being kept in cages on an island near Cuba .
During the same period , anti-Soviet hysteria was also promoted strongly .
This also exposes the background of keeping the US troops and military basis in different parts of the world .
Therefore , China is justified in demanding that the United States , by creating conflicts and by embarking upon the policy of oppression and supremacy should stop interfering in the affairs of other countries in the name of human rights .
These prisoners have been placed in inhuman conditions and the reason for keeping them on this island is that US law does not apply there .
North Korea has also been made the target due to the reason that according to the United States , it is being blamed for transferring nuclear technology and weapons to Islamic countries .
In the document , the United States has been very openly told that it has become the number one country in damaging solidarity of other countries and violating human rights there .
This report [ above-mentioned document by China ] should be an eye opener for the whole world and the United States should be viewed in its true perspective .
The seven countries which the US terms as a threat to its security and against which it can use nuclear weapons , also include Russia and China .
As a lesson to others ! , various American TV channels , daily , show shots of the conditions under which these prisoners are being kept .
This can be traced back to the events in 1818 , when American cowboys used blind force to oppress the blacks .
There is no protection of women rights including their respect and sanctity .
According to the analysis of Chomsky , after World War II , the US think tank had planned to subjugate a few regions of the world for its economic progress .
By declaring Iraq , Iran and North Korea as 'axis of evil ' , the United States has announced to target these countries in the same manner as ! Afghanistan .
Since then , the United States has been raising artificial slogans of preservation of democracy and human rights and developing standards of living .
American intellectual Noam Chomsky has proved in his writings that the accomplishment of its goals by aggression and terrorism is a part of the American psyche .
Pakistan has not only earned a bad name but also its internal and external problems have increased manifold .
It is due to this hegemony , which the United States wants to maintain , that its State Department makes an assessment of the human rights situation in different countries and prepares a report on their violations all over the world .
Above all , the US media has reported that the involvement of Jews in the 11 September events can not be ruled out .
The whole world witnessed this loathsome action by the United States , but no one -- including the Muslim community -- raised a voice against this horrifying act of oppression .
In this operation , the manner in which defenseless , innocent and poor Muslims were blown up by ammunition is one of the most dreadful events in history .
Noting that threatening others with armed forces is the current US administration 's modus operandi , the statement stressed that the US threat would cause grave clashes .
The US stance , however , makes the dialogue impossible .
The French Foreign Minister also said that the United States is viewing all the problems against the backdrop of anti-terror struggle , thereby seeing the world in a simplistic way .
In a 17 February article entitled " US-Europe Relations at a Crossroads Over the Axis of Evil Theory , " Japan 's Mainichi Shimbun reported that questions are mushrooming in Europe and Russia about the Bush administration 's international strategy calling for a showdown with the axis of evil .
The article said that the German Foreign Minister 's remark expressed a concern , as it were , over the US Government 's axis of evil theory .
The [ US ] newspaper The New York Times reported that a European Union leader evaluated the axis of evil dogma as a despotic , very simplistic , very rash , and a futile one .
The European allies of the United States are not sympathetic towards President Bush 's remarks branding the DPRK , Iran , and Iraq as an axis of evil .
According to ITAR-TASS , a famous Russian politician ( Piacheslav Nikonov ) , president of political fund , said that it would be hard to imagine something more ineffective than Bush 's axis of evil dogma , and went on to point out the following : In recent years on the Korean peninsula , all efforts were channeled to promote dialogue between the North and the South .
Every effort is called for to prevent the US action that could cause great misfortune to the whole mankind .
Bush 's dogma astonished the world .
The article conveyed that the Foreign Minister of Germany , which leads the European Union along with France , said , " The formation of an international anti-terror alliance does not mean it can do anything . "
The statement said that the international community would not accept the groundless US condemnation of the DPRK , Iraq , and Iran .
He stated that the international anti-terror alliance could not be turned into a base on which to take some actions in opposition to other countries .
He pointed out that such labeling is a Cold War heritage .
In his 15 February interview with the French newspaper Figaro , Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov assessed the branding of the DPRK , Iran , and Iraq as an axis of evil a Cold War labeling .
On 17 February , the Finnish and Belgian Foreign Ministers also expressed opposition to the so-called axis of evil remark and the US plan to launch strikes against Iraq .
On 15 February , the Cuban Government issued a statement denouncing the United States for trying to inflict military threat on the DPRK , Iran , and Iraq , on the pretext of their support or toleration of terrorism .
In relation to Bush 's axis of evil remarks , the German Foreign Minister also said , " Allies are not satellites , " and the French Foreign Minister caustically criticized that " the United States ' unilateral , simplistic worldview poses a new threat to the world . "
It seems to be the first time that the European countries have reached such a consensus that they can not wholly agree with the United States .
It is hard to forecast how much longer the United States can act arbitrarily and treat its allies and the large majority of the world community in a disdaining manner .
He stressed that the United States is acting arbitrarily , without consulting with other countries , because it is pursuing its own exclusive interests .
The report divulged that the US intention is to realize its own strategy because it has been driven into a corner .
US President Bush is being criticized by world social circles for having called our country , Iran , and Iraq an axis of evil .
According to Japan 's Mainichi Shimbun , Spanish Prime Minister Aznar in a press conference expressed a stance to distance himself from Bush 's view depicting the DPRK , Iran , and Iraq as an axis of evil .
This remark also infringes on Russia 's interests .
He said that it was time to discuss the United States ' new diplomatic plans .
In its 9 February editorial entitled " the World of Good and Evil , " the influential newspaper Financial Times of the United Kingdom stressed that the United States should listen to the friendly countries ' criticism of Bush 's remarks calling the DPRK , Iran , and Iraq an axis of evil .
In view of the recent comments made by the state and political leaders of the European countries , we are led to such a conclusion .
On 1 March , Cambodia 's Reaksmei Campuchea reported that Bush said that he intends to wage anti-terror wars everywhere in the world , that Iran , Iraq , and the DPRK form an axis of evil , and that he will launch strikes against the countries threatening the security of the United States .
By publicly designating countries and their peoples , not some terrorist elements or organizations , enemies of mankind , the United States is taking the risk of confronting itself with all the other countries in the world .
After the BR has been assembled , the state commission will take a decision to take the rocket to the launching site .
Australian observers said they feared violence if voters thought the election had been stolen .
" The presidential election in Zimbabwe has not satisfied the fundamental requirements for a democratic election , " Foreign Minister Jan Petersen said in a statement .
The congratulatory message carried by South African Vice-President Mr Jacob Zuma was an affirmation of the southern African countries ' recognition of the elections .
He said there was also too much interference from the British , especially over the issue of land .
We should continue with our business as usual and we ca n't expect the Commonwealth to say something positive about Zimbabwe when its head is the Queen , " Dr Chivaura said .
In stark contrast , election observers from black African nations Nigeria , South Africa , Tanzania , Kenya and Namibia endorsed the vote that returned President Mugabe to power for a fifth successive term .
" The pre-election period was marked by a sustained Government-orchestrated campaign of intimidation and violence , and the numerous and profound irregularities in the electoral process itself resulted in an outcome that does not reflect the will of the people of Zimbabwe , " Powell said .
A Nigerian group said it had recorded no incident serious enough to threaten the integrity of the election and South African observers described the poll as " legitimate " .
However , since this threat was made several months ago , the European Union and the United States have failed to produce any evidence that President Mugabe had such foreign assets .
Dr Chivaura said the fact that the majority of Zimbabweans had voted for President Mugabe indicated that they were not concerned about what the British or the Americans were going to do .
Canada said it was still studying observers ' reports , but Prime Minister Jean Chretien told parliament : " I agree ... it does not look very good " .
There wo n't be a rebellion because the majority voted for President Mugabe .
" Our interests have nothing to do with how people report about us .
US Secretary of State Colin Powell said Washington was considering new sanctions following the results of the March 9-11 election .
The reaction from Western governments , according to Reuters , was in stark contrast to remarks by election observers from Nigeria , South Africa and Namibia .
Nigeria , South Africa and Australia were mandated by the Commonwealth to report on the poll after the 54-nation group failed to agree to suspend Zimbabwe at its summit last month .
Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi congratulated President Mugabe , saying his victory was " testimony of the confidence and high esteem the people of Zimbabwe hold you in " .
" The West ca n't do anything about Zimbabwe as long as the people of Zimbabwe are committed to see this country prosper .
An observer team from the Organisation of African Unity hailed the election as " transparent , credible , free and fair " .
The United States , which has already imposed sanctions on the country , was quick to say that President Mugabe had systematically subverted democracy , with other European nations saying that there were signs the country 's presidential poll was deeply " flawed " .
Political Reporters - SHARP divisions between Western countries and Africa have emerged over the fate of Zimbabwe 's presidential election results while China has thrown its weight behind President Mugabe .
British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw told reporters : " For months , the Government of Zimbabwe has conducted a systematic campaign of violence and intimidation , designed to achieve an outcome - power at all costs . "
Human rights group Amnesty International said it was concerned about the high risk of violence in the aftermath of the election , particularly against opposition supporters .
As events unfold in Zimbabwe and the will of the people is realised with the election of Cde Mugabe , a senior State Department official said Washington was now expected to freeze any assets held by President Mugabe and his close associates in the United States .
Sharp divisions between Western countries , Africa emerge
New Zealand said on Wednesday it stood ready to impose sanctions if the Commonwealth chose not to suspend Harare .
He said there was overwhelming evidence that polling was neither free nor fair .
Some European governments appeared to be holding fire until the EU had reviewed reports from poll observers , but none expressed surprise that Cde Mugabe had triumphed over challenger Morgan Tsvangirai .
" Action should be taken to ensure that the post- election period is free from the human rights abuses that have marred the run-up to the presidential elections , " it said .
The West is our enemy and it would be surprising if they gave any favourable comment about us , " he said .
The Zimbabwean President has dismissed these allegations and openly invited these countries to confiscate whatever they find .
Mr Mbeki 's stance on the elections signals a oneness that the continent has not enjoyed in the past and lack of which the West has exploited to put into power their puppets .
Mr Tsvangirai accused President Mugabe , in power for the past 22 years , of systematically stealing the election by using intimidation , special laws and dirty tricks .
Namibia 's observer team said the election was " watertight , without room for rigging " .
Dr Mandaza ruled out any possibility of a rebellion , saying that the vanquished had no such capacity since they were the minority .
They do n't have the capacity and in any case it is not necessary , " he said .
France and Germany also said early information pointed to the vote failing to be free and fair .
Norway , which had 25 observers during the poll , was one of the first European states to openly denounce the election .
The United States , Britain and several Western countries declared that the outcome was illegitimate while African leaders and China upheld the elections .
This deals a blow to Western reliance on South Africa to transmit their sanctions message .
" We do n't have to worry .
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan acknowledged he was getting conflicting reports about whether the poll was conducted fairly , and urged Zimbabweans to refrain from violence .
Dr Ibbo Mandaza , the chairman of the Southern African Regional Institute for Policy Studies and editor-in-chief of the Zimbabwe Mirror , blamed the media and some sections of the academia whom he said " acted in collusion with people outside the country with their own agenda against this country and tried to shape perceptions about the developments in Zimbabwe " .
However , local political scientists yesterday said the comments coming from the US and some Western countries were not surprising , as they had already made their decisions not to accept President Mugabe 's victory before the election .
He declined to say what action Britain , the former colonial power , would now take , but said it was consulting the EU and the Commonwealth .
Observers from the 14-member Southern Africa Development Community 's ( Sadc ) Parliamentary Forum , which was financed by the European Union after it was kicked out of the country , said : " The electoral process could not be said to have adequately complied with the norms and standards for elections in the Sadc region . "
He said that for more than two years President Mugabe 's administration had " systematically subverted democratic principles and processes " and his actions had resulted in thousands of Zimbabweans being disenfranchised .
University of Zimbabwe lecturer Dr Vimbai Chivaura said Africa had never had the same interests with the West and it would be foolhardy for one to expect them to give a favourable comment over the presidential elections .
Speaking on behalf of the team , Angolan Deputy Information and Social Services Minister Mr Manuel Augusto said Africa was best qualified to judge the poll because some Western countries had prejudged the outcome .
" I do n't know of any Sadc country that two months ago already said that X or Y would win the election but we know countries that two months ago predicted the result of the election .
But the Sadc Ministerial Task Force said the election was free and fair .
The team met President Mugabe at Zimbabwe House where it briefed him of its opinion that the presidential election was substantially free and fair , despite a view to the contrary by the West .
The Sadc ministerial observer team yesterday congratulated President Mugabe on his victory .
The two groups have criticised the election process with the Sadc Parliamentary Forum saying it did not meet the regional grouping 's standards on elections .
The Tanzanian and Democratic Republic of Congo observer teams also met President Mugabe to congratulate him on his victory and said the election had been free and fair .
Diplomatic sources yesterday said the Southern African Development Community ( Sadc ) Parliamentary Forum observer mission and the Zimbabwe Election Support Network ( ZESN ) were funded by the EU , which was kicked out of Zimbabwe and denied the opportunity to observe the election .
Despite these negative reports , most observer groups have declared the election free and fair .
We did n't come to vote and the results of the election were the true will of the Zimbabwean people .
We saw the same thing but with different views which is normal . "
The foreign-funded local NGO , ZESN , described the poll as chaotic .
" This explains why the two groups were critical of the election .
Herald Reporter - TWO observer groups that have been critical of the just ended presidential election were funded by the European Union , it has been learnt .
" The Europeans have their own views on Africa and we have our own on Africa .
We will leave Zimbabwe with a sense of accomplishment after observing the election , " he told reporters after meeting Cde Mugabe .
According to the sources , the EU which was barred by the Government from observing the election because some of its members were openly supporting the MDC , sent a Ms Maria Macchiaverna to " support the financial management of our assistance " to the Sadc Parliamentary Forum and ZESN .
It is easy to paint a bad picture because one can do it even with eyes closed since one would have been paid to do so , " the sources said .
They were paid and asked to paint a bad picture and they have done it .
Mbeki , Obasanjo and Howard were mandated at the recent Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Australia , to decide on Zimbabwe 's fate once the Commonwealth observers mission submitted its report on the presidential election .
The statement was silent on the SADC parliamentary observer team report which said the regional bloc 's own election norms and standards -- which Zimbabwe was signatory to -- had not been met .
CAPE TOWN March 14 Sapa SA ADOPTS CALM AND FORWARD-LOOKING APPROACH TO ZIM
Mbeki is one of three world leaders who has to decide on behalf of the Commonwealth whether punitive action should be taken against Harare .
Kaunda declined to give details and said Zuma would report back to Mbeki later on Thursday .
Foreign news agencies said Zuma told Zimbabwean state radio on his arrival in Harare on Thursday that " those discrediting Zimbabwe 's electoral process should listen to what the Africans are saying " .
" This is in the interest of our country , our region and our continent , " the statement said .
President Thabo Mbeki and the South African government had adopted a serious , calm and forward-looking approach to Zimbabwe , a government statement said on Thursday night .
" The South African government believes the most urgent challenge is to work with the Zimbabwean people for economic recovery and social stability , and to promote a climate for national unity in pursuit of these objectives .
All eyes are now on the Commonwealth troika on whether it will decide that the Mugabe government should be penalised .
Zuma 's spokeswoman Lakela Kaunda told Sapa , the deputy president had given Mugabe a special message from Mbeki and congratulated him on his re-election , based on the SAOM 's interim report .
Earlier on Thursday , the Commonwealth observer team said in an interim report that " the conditions in Zimbabwe did not adequately allow free and fair expression of will by the electorate " .
Zuma also pledged continued support for Zimbabwe and its people , she said .
It confirmed that Deputy President Jacob Zuma had been sent as Mbeki 's special emissary to Harare on Thursday and said this was a result of Pretoria 's " serious , calm and forward-looking approach " .
For a second day since President Robert Mugabe swept to victory in a controversial poll , Mbeki again avoided pronouncing on the freeness and fairness of the election .
The South African government had taken note of the reports from various observer missions , including the Commonwealth , which had also urged " all Zimbabweans to put aside their differences and to work together for the future of the country " , the statement said .
In terms of the Commonwealth 's mandate , action against Zimbabwe could range from collective disapproval to suspension should it be decided that Mugabe was returned to power undemocratically .
He was unable to explain the apparent contradiction .
" Both the Deputy President and President Mugabe agreed on the need for continued consultation and co-operation between the two governments to address economic matters such as the shortage of grain , and continued co-operation , trade and investments and a number of other bilateral issues . "
He said the South African government was happy with the SAOM report that the elections were legitimate .
SAOM head Sam Motsuenyane said in a radio interview on Thursday that although the election was legitimate it stopped short of being free and fair .
Other reports included one from the Southern African Development Community 's council of ministers who declared the election " substantially free and fair " and the other from the Organisation of African Unity which said " in general the elections were transparent , credible , free and fair " .
The government had also noted the SA Observer Mission ( SAOM ) report which had found that although the election was not adequately free and fair , it should be considered legitimate , the statement said .
Foreign press reports , poking fun at the United States and Israel , say that they are of " one body with two heads , " " Israel is a spoiled brat of the United States , " or that " Israel is one of the US states . "
In this situation , the " Peace and Security Council , " organized by Israel 's retired military officers and former high officials of security agencies , launched a movement calling for the unilateral withdrawal of Israeli troops from the West Bank and Gaza Strip areas .
However , Israeli Zionists , counting on the support and protection provided by the United States , continue to obstruct such a settlement , continue to key up tensions in the region .
Because of the intensification of Israel-Palestinian armed conflicts in the recent period , not a single day would pass in peace and with no Palestinians shedding blood in the West Bank and Gaza Strip areas .
Behind the incursions and atrocities of oppression Israel is perpetrating against the Palestinians today , there is the fact that the United States is supporting and protecting it .
The world 's justice- and peace-loving peoples are unanimously demanding a fair and peaceful Middle East settlement to be at the earliest possible date .
Eighty percent of the members of the " Peace and Security Council , " made up by retired military officers and former high officials of Mossad , Israel 's foreign intelligence agency , and Shin Bet , its domestic intelligence agency , are demanding that Israel dismantle Jewish " settlements " in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , numbering approximately 50 ; that it unilaterally withdraw its troops from good many areas occupied by them ; and that it promptly reopen the peace negotiations with the Palestinians .
Typical examples are the acts of aggression and savage atrocities perpetrated by Israeli troops in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , which are under the Palestinian Authority 's control .
Israeli newspapers , which earlier refrained from censuring Sharon , have come forward attacking him with scathing criticisms such as that he is " unwilling to take any options other than the military hard-line , victimizing the lives of both Israeli and Palestinian men in the street . "
The Middle East issue , essentially , is an issue of reinstating the Palestinians ' national rights and of recovering the deprived Arab land from the Israeli aggressors .
Nevertheless , Sharon refuses to modify his hard-line posture , saying that " we must win this war . "
For a comprehensive fair settlement on the issue , it is required , first of all , that the Palestinians are guaranteed the right to self-determination , that the founding of an independent Palestinian state is realized , and the Israeli aggressors withdraw from all the Arab land they occupy illegally , including Golan Heights .
The United States , while handing over to Israel billions of dollars in lethal weapons every year , stands on the Israeli side in dealing with the Middle East situation .
However , instead of withdrawing from the Arab land they occupy by force , the wily Israeli aggressors , dreaming of the creation of a " great Israeli empire , " are scheming to make it their land permanently .
They continue to stir up troubles in areas they occupy , creating further complications in the situation .
The fact that , in Israel , former high-ranking figures of the military and of law enforcement and intelligence agencies are getting increasingly critical of Sharon is likely to have a great impact on the situation in the future , according to foreign press comments .
The great leader Comrade Kim Il-song taught : " For a peaceful and fair settlement on the Palestinian issue and the issue of the Middle East , the Israeli aggressors should withdraw from all Arab land they occupy and the Palestinian people should be fully guaranteed the right to self-determination . "
Israel and the United States should bear their due responsibility for the daily deteriorating Middle East situation and quit its moves to obstruct a fair Middle East settlement .
As seen in this and other developments , criticisms of Prime Minister Sharon 's hard-line military policy against the Palestinians are mounting inside Israel .
But it must demand that the countries of Africa put their own house in order .
Fortunately , Europe is no longer " Africa 's policeman . "
It is time to speak the language of truth .
They amounted to no more than a ban on holidays and a golden retirement .
Robert Mugabe remains in power thanks to the maize , oil , and electricity he supplies to South Africa .
The electoral hijacking had been announced , prepared , and organized .
The " war for land " continued , at the risk of causing famine .
Following the presidential vote in Zimbabwe , there is just one thing Robert Mugabe can not be reproached for , and that is having made a secret of his determination to stay in power by every possible means .
Finally and most importantly , Great Britain remained locked in the familiar psychodrama between the former colonizer and colonized .
Since he nearly lost his parliamentary majority in June 2000 , the head of state has stated and restated to his supporters that the presidential election was going to be a " war . "
The independence of Zimbabwe 's justice system was compromised .
The local press was harassed .
Kenya and Tanzania even " congratulated " Robert Mugabe on his re-election after the first round .
It has the means .
In Zimbabwe it is better to have an end to the torment than torment without end .
He was as good as his word .
Africa , with its own " observers , " has just ratified a shameful electoral sham .
The real secret of the ballot box will never be revealed .
The army swore allegiance to the " father of independence , " regardless of the verdict at the ballot box .
Either the New Partnership for African Development ( Nepad ) is merely to entertain the international gallery during the occasional conference on " sustainable development " or Africa must itself impose a minimum of probity and respect for fundamental liberties .
Should one be surprised ?
Indignant protests apart , nothing was done to prevent the disaster awaiting one of the key countries in southern Africa , seen as the continent 's growth pole .
The weapon of so-called " intelligent " sanctions proved ineffective , especially as the punitive measures were taken too late and only served to deny Robert Mugabe and his associates trips abroad and access to the funds they have spirited away .
The opposition MDC ( Movement for Democratic Change ) was the victim of " state terrorism " that its candidate Morgan Tsvangirai rightly condemned after being beaten in an election loaded against him from start to finish , from drawing up the electoral lists to counting the votes .
This " fait accompli " in Zimbabwe is a challenge for the international community .
Either the absence of democracy in Africa is no longer any more of a problem for Europe than the lack of development , or it is time to get serious about " good governance " as a condition for aid .
It can only rise to meet it by making some radical changes .
The team from the organisation 's Council of Ministers , on the other hand , considered the vote a " true reflection " of the people 's will .
The SADC on Saturday endorsed the vote , despite its Parliamentary Forum , which judging that the March 9-11 election " did not conform with the norms and standards of the SADC Parliamentary Forum , " signed on to by Zimbabwe .
Mbeki was , however , already on the record as saying that the Commonwealth also had other issues to consider .
Their decision would be based on the Commonwealth observer team 's report on the legitimacy of the election as well as those prepared by the Southern African Development Community , the Organisation of African Unity and the SA Observer Mission .
In terms of the Commonwealth 's mandate , action against Zimbabwe could range from collective disapproval to suspension .
Mbeki , Obasanjo and Howard have been mandated by the recent Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting ( CHOGM ) in Australia to decide what action should be taken on the situation in Zimbabwe .
The team acknowledged that the election campaign had been characterised by " polarisation , tension and incidents of violence and intimidation . "
CHOGM had also decided to look at ways of helping Zimbabwe with land reform and food aid .
No reason was provided why Mbeki could not attend .
He was first elected Prime Minister in 1980 and has effectively ruled the country ever since .
The Organisation of African Unity ( OAU ) also backed Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe 's re-election , with its observer team describing the poll as " transparent , credible , free and fair " .
Mamoepa said the key points on the agenda now was Zimbabwe 's economic recovery and social stability " within the context of national unity . "
State-sanctioned land invasions , several times declared illegal by Zimbabwe 's courts , as well as a drought have disrupted Zimbabwe 's food production and famine is already looming in much of the country .
The Commonwealth team earlier this week said that " the conditions in Zimbabwe did not adequately allow the free and fair expression of will by the electorate " .
South Africa 's observer mission also endorsed the vote , saying in an interim report that " ( o ) verall ... the authorities charged with conducting the elections discharged their work satisfactorily . "
He said those countries and nations which are independant in real sense of the world and do not take dictation from the US or accepts its supremacy are labelled as human rights violators .
He told IRNA in an interview on Monday , " America has killed thousands of innocent people in almost all parts of the globe particularly in the Muslim world .
" Those who submit to its policies are showered upon favours , " he added .
A couple of weeks ago , the US state department in its annual report had revealed that Iran , Pakistan and some other countries are the violators of human rights .
America , in the guise of its so-called war on terror , has killed and injured thousands of innocent Afghans and the prisoners of war are maltreated . "
" America always follows its interests .
In its so-called war against terrorism and against weapons of mass destruction lies its covert motive and that is its strategic and economic interests , " Abbas added .
It denounces human rights violation but supports Israel for perishing the Muslims in Palestine and Lebanon , " Abbas criticized .
People do not believe whatever the America says , " he concluded .
" They can see and observe the unjust and discriminatory policies of America .
" America has a double standard policy .
However , he hoped that the people of the world can no more be kept in dark .
Islamabad , March 18 , IRNA - Central Leader of Pakistan People Party ( PPP ) and former provincial minister of North-West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) Seyed Qamar Abbas has rejected US state department report on Human Rights in Iran and other countries , saying America has no right to make such a report as it is itself the violator of human rights .
" That message has not been accepted in Britain , that Zimbabwe is for Zimbabweans .
Many African leaders have supported Mugabe 's re-election victory in Zimbabwe 's crucial election , which they said was " transparent , credible , free and fair " .
Harare , March 17 ( XINHUA ) -- Despite Western pressure on him over his re-election victory , Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe was sworn in on Sunday as the country 's head of state to serve another six-year term .
At the State House , where the ceremony was held , thousands of ZANU-PF supporters in clothing emblazoned with Mugabe 's portrait , were singing and dancing to celebrate his victory , with a hope that Mugabe will finally deliver on his promises to give them the land currently owned by the country 's white minority .
However , Mugabe is under strong regional pressure to form a government of national unity , incorporating his closest rival in the poll , to ensure political and economic stability in Zimbabwe .
MDC leader Tsvangirai said pre-election violence prevented his party from campaigning in rural areas , the stronghold of the ruling party , and that thousands of his supporters in towns were disenfranchised when they failed to vote because authorities reduced polling centers in urban areas .
A final communique issued on Saturday evening after the Barcelona EU summit said , " The European Union will maintain its humanitarian assistance to the people of Zimbabwe and will consider possible additional targeted measures against its government . "
This is our land , and we have no intention of owning a piece of land in Britain , " said Mugabe .
With a 21-gun salute sounding and four fighter jets sweeping overhead , the colorful inauguration took place amid thunderous applause by thousands of ruling party supporters .
The MDC party rejected the voting results , claiming the government rigged the poll in favor of incumbent President Mugabe .
" The call to all of us , whether in the ruling party or in the opposition , is that we unite and come together as one people .
" Our energy is better spent on reviving the economy than plotting to bring down each other , " he said .
The European Union ( EU ) and the US have joined the opposition in alleging the election was neither free nor fair and threatened more sanctions on Zimbabwe .
There are areas where we must work together because we have a common destiny , " said Mugabe .
" When they aim at Zimbabwe , it is not Zimbabwe alone , they have other countries in mind . "
The ZANU-PF government denied rigging the election , saying Mugabe won on the strength of the appeal of ZANU-PF 's land policy .
Sunday 's inauguration ceremony was boycotted by EU countries , the US and some members of the Commonwealth .
Diplomats here said a government of national unity was partly intended to allow Britain and the United States to save face over their insistence on the MDC ' s victory in Zimbabwe 's election .
In his inauguration speech shortly after he was sworn in as president , Mugabe vowed to continue with his government 's controversial land reform program .
" I , Robert Gabriel Mugabe do swear that I will be faithful to the laws of the Republic of Zimbabwe , so help me God , " said Mugabe who was flanked by first lady Grace .
Mugabe said Zimbabwe needed their continued support against what he called hostile international attention .
" Thanks to the people , our people and the people of Africa for this joint effort in rejecting this neocolonial attempt .
The two , along with Australian Prime Minister John Howard , are members of a Commonwealth panel charged with assessing the election and recommending possible action by the group against Zimbabwe .
He told thousands of cheering supporters that " land reforms must proceed with greater speed and strength " to shore up the economy , badly battered by years of political instability .
" We want to make sure that blacks play a meaningful role in the economy , and we will do that through the land reforms , " said Mugabe .
In his campaign for re-election , the Zimbabwean leader repeatedly accused Britain and its Western allies of trying to re-assert neocolonial rule in Zimbabwe , and the region , by installing a compliant opposition party in power .
South African President Thabo Mbeki and President Olusegun Obasanjo are expected in Harare Monday for talks with the Zimbabwean leader on a possible government of national unity .
In his inaugural address , Mugabe extended an olive branch to the opposition to join him in rebuilding the country 's economy , which has suffered three years of consecutive decline , but did not say in what role .
But he told the nation that in spite of stiff opposition to the agrarian reforms from powerful Western countries , especially the country 's former colonial power of Britain , he would press ahead to seize farms from whites and resettle blacks .
Africa is for Africans , " said Mugabe .
He described his victory in the poll as " a stunning blow to imperialism " and thanked African countries for supporting Zimbabwe in its stand-off with Western countries over the agrarian reforms .
In the run-up to the March 9-11 poll , critics had accused the Zimbabwean leader of stirring up the emotive land issue merely to garner support in the country 's closest-fought election since independence in 1980 .
Chief-of-Staff of the Turkish Armed Forces Huseyin Kivrikoglu arrived in Uzbekistan on Saturday [ 16 March ] at the invitation of Uzbek Defence Minister Kadyr Gulyamov , sources in the Turkish Embassy in Tashkent told Interfax .
Meanwhile , Rini said after a meeting with the AmCham delegation that almost all of the delegation members had praised the current security situation in the country .
Some local radical groups threatened to attack U.S. interests and citizens in Indonesia following the U.S. government 's move to strike at Afghanistan several months ago .
US Ambassador to Indonesia Ralph L. Boyce praised the Indonesian government on Monday [ 18 Mar ] for its efforts to protect foreign investors in the country , including Americans , but warned that investors were still concerned about the security of their investments .
But the government was quick to give assurances about the safety of foreign workers in Indonesia .
But , he said , " Investors will come to Indonesia not based on fears , somehow , that they would be physically threatened , but rather in the hope that the capital invested in Indonesia would be secure and that means transparency , rule of law , protection legally , etc. , " Boyce told a press conference .
We welcome it . "
" We take seriously the government 's responsibility to protect Americans -- not only Americans but also other foreigners in Indonesia .
" The Singapore-based members of this mission want to hear from senior members of the Indonesian government about efforts to expand foreign business participation in the economy .
We know that Indonesia is a country of enormous potential and believe that now is the time to build our future together , " Hicks said in a statement .
Boyce acknowledged that the Indonesian government had taken serious steps to ensure the personal safety of American investors and other foreigners , who appeared at risk several months ago during the political tension following the US-led war against Afghanistan 's Taliban regime .
Rini said she had pointed to the Batam and Bintan islands as secure places for doing business , citing the small number of labour disputes in both islands .
Some U.S. companies temporarily closed their offices here following the threats .
However , since this is a new concept , there may be room for negotiation . "
These are geostrategic plans at moments when time is exerting pressure , and also pressing the speed at which the world turns .
Eduardo Duhalde 's agenda , during his first departure from the country since he assumed the presidency , calls for a key meeting on Friday with the IMF 's managing director , Horst Koehler , ( which he will attend accompanied by Economy Minister Jorge Remes Lenicov ) , and two occasions on which he will have the floor , addressing the world ( for five minutes on one , and three minutes on the other ) concerning the topic under discussion ; the Monterrey Consensus : or greater assistance from the developed countries to those that are underdeveloped , which in fact will be approved by consensus .
" Well , one never knows , " slipped in the source , becoming lost on an escalator .
And , while striding hastily through the large facilities of the International Business Center ( Cintermex ) , he sketched an explanation : " Argentina is the leading case of an era in which everyone pays dearly for his mistakes , and somehow manages as best he can .
How ?
As soon as he arrives on Wednesday , Duhalde will meet with Fox , perhaps spearheading the explanation of the Argentine situation to Bush : a possibility that is not entirely clear among the Mexican officials , especially since , in principle , the virtual plan will have to take place step by step .
" Certainly not , " was the comment made in a private dialogue with La Nacion by a diplomatic source from the United States who , with a legion of colleagues , is attending the United Nations Conference on Financing for Development that opened yesterday in Monterrey , Mexico .
Apparently not in Monterrey , where Bush will have a full agenda , and without contacts with other chief executives , except for Mexico 's President Vicente Fox , and Canada 's Prime Minister Jean Chretien , since they are trading partners in the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) .
" First I listen , and then I will see , " commented one of them to La Nacion .
Then what ?
According to some sources , the crisis is in a bind : the IMF is asking for more belt-tightening , and the government is asking for more money .
Despite this , it gives a clue to the gap that existed , and still exists , between the reality and the statistics of the international credit agencies .
A source from the United Nations observed ironically : " If Chile were Iraq , and if President Ricardo Lagos were Saddam Hussein , Argentina would have Bush 's full support . " Chile is not Iraq , nor is Lagos Saddam , fortunately , of course .
The source commented : " Argentine is in a position to be an alternative reference point for the United States , to the detriment of Brazil which , in view of the internal and external vicissitudes facing Fernando Henrique Cardoso , is , day by day , becoming somewhat weak . "
Ergo : without belt-tightening there is no money , and without money there is no belt-tightening .
If someone earns 1,000 and spends 1,500 , he will inevitably succumb to bankruptcy .
With a strategy that would permit Duhalde , if he does not receive a clear signal from the IMF , not to call for elections in 90 days , for example , and to become a lame duck , waiting for his successor , he explained .
It is common knowledge , among most of the small groups , that the Argentine crisis is more political than economic , and that , as one Latin American diplomat accredited to the UN remarked , the formula in question does not hold much mystery : " A rapprochement with the United States is indispensable , because it is the only one that can extricate them from this . "
With 58 chief executives immersed in signing a document which , as La Nacion was told by the Argentine ambassador to the United Nations , Arnoldo Listre , gives a clue to the direction in which we are heading : " It shows a new organization in which the market economy is accepted as a fundamental factor for development and , unlike the cold war , is rid of the North-South confrontation . "
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan himself said , in his time , that the situation of indebted , undeveloped countries must be consideed , so as to avoid the repetition of a crisis such as ours .
Monterrey , Mexico -- Choked , hushed voices , some of them astounded , are not guessing correctly about the dilemma of the chicken or the egg into which the Argentine crisis has become converted , almost grotesquely : will the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) endorse concrete aid to the country , apart from the presumable good intentions of its board members and technicians , without the approval of George W. Bush ?
Very well .
The entire world -- not the Palestinians alone -- is waiting to hear an official Israeli statement regarding its recognition of the Palestinian national rights and its readiness to withdraw from all lands occupied in 1967 , put an end to the settlement activity in the West Bank and Gaza , and support the establishment of an independent Palestinian state de facto .
Some Israeli officials , particularly Defense Minister Binyamin Ben-Eli'ezer , have stated that the success or failure of US envoy Zinni 's mission hinges on the Palestinians only because they might carry out a suicide or shooting attack that will make Israel retaliate , thus bringing the region back to the cycle of violence .
Such a statement will actually constitute the beginning of a real era of peace and the end of the era of violence and counterviolence .
Such an Israeli statement would not only serve Zinni 's mission but would also accelerate the attainment of a permanent arrangement in which Israel would gain peace and security in exchange for its withdrawal from the Palestinian lands , the end of its colonialist occupation , and the renunciation of its mentality of domination and expansion , which have caused calamities and catastrophes in the past five decades .
Clearly , the Palestinian side has acceded to all demands -- even more than that -- when it recognized Israel 's right to exist on 78 percent of historical Palestine .
The coming days and weeks will show whether Israel is actually ready to positively and objectively deal with the Palestinian national rights without trying to maneuver , place obstacles , or set impossible conditions during Zinni 's mission .
Consequently , Zinni will find it difficult to attain a cease-fire and commence the implementation of the Tenet understandings and Mitchell recommendations .
This allegation contradicts the simplest fact on the ground , as Israel is the one that occupies most of the West Bank and Gaza Strip and Israel is the one that possesses vast military power which it uses to make incursions into and raid Palestinian cities and refugee camps ; to intimidate women and children ; to assassinate innocent activists and citizens ; to destroy buildings , facilities , infrastructure , roads , water pipes , and electricity and telephone poles ; to attack Palestinian ambulances and kill medical teams ; and to carry out other retaliatory , suppressive , and devastating practices .
It can not make more concessions .
Israel 's compliance with the required commitments will be the real test not only of its readiness to facilitate the US envoy 's mission but also its readiness to establish a just peace which is in the interest of all parties concerned .
Thus roles were distributed specifically and clearly , and each role was drawn accurately and with care , exactly as was the case in the great movie " The Second Wife " between the tyrannical mayor with power , Abu-al-Ila , the simple peasant who owns nothing but the clothes on his back and a gang of children , and his wife , who was coveted by the mayor .
Therefore , the United States endeavors hard to save Israel from the serious crisis that Sharon has put himself into .
Then you find a dramatic portrayal of the reversed situation in which the Shaykh , or in this case the " US , " Anthony Zinni , advises Abu-al-Ila , " Palestinian , " to bow and accept the mayor 's , " Israel 's , " demands , or else he would be convicted of possessing weapons of destruction in the eyes of the authorities .
Thus , after the US mass media and newspapers revealed the report by the Pentagon that listed seven countries to be attacked with US atomic weapons in case US national security was threatened , it became clear that the United States develops and produces weapons of mass destruction to threaten the stability and security of the world , and that it violates the United Nations Charter attacking independent and sovereign nations .
Immediately a neutral intermediate appears , represented in the fake imposter Shaykh , who is the friend of the mayor in the axis of evil .
Namely that the countries of the axis of evil , from his point of view , are those that produce , develop , and amass weapons of mass destruction in a way that threatens the security and stability of its neighbors , as well as all the countries in the world .
We can review , for example , the voting results in the Security Council to see how Washington always defends Israel , then how Britain always justifies the stances by both countries in admirable harmony .
The countries of the US axis are similar , for they cooperate , are joined by a strategic bond , and each defends the other and supports it with words and deeds .
Of course the second side in the US axis is Israel , and definitely the third side will go to no one but Britain , as it conforms to the same criteria and because it completely supports the US stance and considers it the absolute right in all cases .
So now we only wait for the advice of Haj Zinni to obey those in authority , so that we would not become terrorists like Iraq , North Korea , and Iran !
It has now become our right to announce clearly that the United States had become one of the sides of the axis of evil according to the same criteria set by the United States itself , and declared by its President George Bush .
If US moves go beyond China 's limits of tolerance , it will seriously affect Sino-US diplomatic relations .
The two cases contrast sharply .
" Bush can not conduct himself in an upright manner and he speaks insincerely ! "
Yu Keli , deputy director of the Institute of Taiwan Studies under the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences [ CASS ] , said that since taking office , the Bush administration has gone farther and farther in " interfering in China 's internal affairs and meddling in the Taiwan issue " and has entirely run counter to the aspirations of the two peoples for the healthy development of Sino-US relations .
On public occasions Bush seems to show consideration for the US anti-China forces and pro-Taiwan faction and to even appease Taiwan separatists .
Now the United States sees her former friend as an enemy and her former enemy as a friend .
However , in his meetings with Jiang Zemin and Zhu Rongji , Bush stressed one China and the Sino-US three communiques .
Li Jiaquan felt that it is very appropriate to quote a line from Guo Moruo , " confounding right and wrong , being kind to the enemy and hard on friends , " to describe the United States .
Compared with the Clinton administration , the Bush administration evidently is in retrogression on the Taiwan issue .
Sun Yan , assistant professor at the International Relations College of the Beijing University , also held that on the issue of international anti-terror cooperation , the United States wanted to rope in China in order to remove obstacles to its next phase of attack against Iraq .
Beijing , 19 Mar ( Wen Wei Po ) -- In response to the US decision to allow Tang Yao-ming to visit the United States , experts on Taiwan affairs said here in interviews with this reporter that this showed a lack of sincerity by the United States in improving Sino-US relations .
The suspension came just after Switzerland said it was slapping sanctions on the southern African country , including a freeze on financial assets which might be held by government officials in Swiss banks .
" It is a bad report that can only lead to bad decisions , " Moyo said , denouncing the report as " opinionated " and " one-sided " and saying it " lacks credibility and can not withstand any objective scrutiny . "
The surprise decision comes after the 54-nation group failed to reach agreement on sanctions against Harare before the voting , when African leaders rallied around the anti-colonialist Mugabe , who has held power since independence from Britain in 1980 .
The panel had been expected to defer or reject calls for Zimbabwe 's suspension after Mbeki and Obasanjo held talks Monday with Mugabe and defeated opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai , and apparently proposed to mediate in talks between the two sides .
New Zealand Foreign Affairs Minister Phil Goff welcomed the Commonwealth 's suspension of Zimbabwe but said New Zealand was likely to impose sanctions anyway .
The decision , taken by a three-way panel of Howard and presidents Thabo Mbeki of South Africa and Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria , follows a damning report on the March 9-11 vote by Commonwealth observers .
" To some extent we have the sense that this is a halfway house , " he said .
Zimbabwe 's Information Minister Jonathan Moyo immediately blasted the decision to lump his nation in with Pakistan , which is also currently suspended from the Commonwealth .
Tsvangirai , who had been tipped to win a free and fair election , has said he would negotiate with a view to running a fresh election and " restoring legitimacy " but on Tuesday he ruled out any " meaningful discussions " unless Mugabe 's government cracked down on violence .
The suspension validates " our own refusal to accept the result as legitimate , " said Welshman Ncube , secretary general for Tsvangirai 's opposition Movement for Democratic Change .
" The committee decided to suspend Zimbabwe from the councils of the Commonwealth for one year with immediate effect , " Australian Prime Minister John Howard told reporters here .
A spokesman for British Prime Minister Tony Blair said : " He clearly welcomes the decision by the Commonwealth troika and believes that it is absolutely the right thing to do . "
Goff said that while he welcomed the suspension , it appeared it had been done reluctantly .
Washington is still mulling a response to the election and " continuing its conversations with allied nations about what the proper response should be to the fraudulent election in Zimbabwe , " said Ari Fleischer , spokesman for US President George W. Bush .
Tsvangirai had earlier suggested that " Mbeki and Obasanjo are not going to allow that ( suspension ) , they are going to present a position that the Zimbabweans are talking , so there may be a deferment of any action . "
The report concluded the poll had been marred by violence , intimidation and suspect electoral practices designed to benefit Mugabe , a conclusion also reached by the Zimbabwean opposition and much of the West .
" They were held in terms of our laws and our constitution , and the next election is not for six years . "
In his inauguration speech on Sunday , Mugabe promised to accelerate his controversial land reforms begun in July 2000 , which aim to resettle blacks on white-owned farms in a bid to reverse colonial-era injustices .
Although Mbeki has not specifically given his own views , an official South African observer team said the election result should be respected .
The land reforms have been marred by political violence led by liberation war veterans who support Mugabe .
Most international observer groups have condemned the conduct of the poll , as have many Western governments , notably Britain and the United States .
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw also praised the decision , saying that " the message could not be clearer . "
LONDON , March 19 ( AFP ) - The Commonwealth suspended Zimbabwe for one year on Tuesday , taking action against the regime of President Robert Mugabe a week after controversial elections returned him to power .
But at a summit in Australia earlier this month ahead of the election , Commonwealth leaders postponed action against Harare over its defiant stance on the presence of certain international observers to monitor the voting .
Critics of the land reforms say the measures have also aggravated a food shortage in Zimbabwe that threatens to worsen because of drought .
Methodist Bishop Purity Malinga on Tuesday echoed the sentiments of South Africa 's Independent Electoral Commission ( IEC ) chairwoman Brigalia Bam that Zimbabwe election did not conform to international standards .
" We were also advised to be vigilant in what we say in private and in public , " Malinga said .
SAOM on Monday stopped short of declaring the Zimbabwean presidential election free and fair , but the African National Congress majority on the committee declared the poll " credible " .
Under these circumstances nobody can feel free . "
She said international observers were treated with suspicion by the police .
The majority report , endorsed only by the ANC , said the observer mission had noted that over three million Zimbabweans had cast their votes and this substantially represented the will of the people .
Even local observers could not enter these stations , " she said .
DURBAN March 19 Sapa SA OBSERVER : ZIM ELECTIONS NOT FREE AND FAIR
Malinga , who represented South African churches on 50-member mission , told journalists during breakfast at the Diakonia Council of Churches in Durban , that she was uncomfortable with the manner in which the team had been treated -- even before they left South Africa .
The Inkatha Freedom Party , Democratic Alliance , New National Party , African Christian Democratic Party , the Pan Africanist Congress and the United Christian Democratic Party had disagreed with the ANC conclusion .
Malinga said according to the guidelines in the booklet , the election had been legitimate .
" Personally I felt that one is going to be used here , but I nevertheless hoped the presence of outsiders in Zimbabwe would stop some illegal acts which may have been committed . "
In a preliminary , Motsuenyane declared the Zimbabwe poll " legitimate " , adding they could , however , not be openly described as free and fair .
The United Democratic Movement was still undecided .
" At one station were not allowed in and told that we had nothing to do with the Zimbabwe issue .
" Even in the queues at polling centres there was a lot of fear and tension .
Another member of the South African Observer Mission to Zimbabwe says the past weekend 's presidential election in the southern African country was not free and fair
They were turned away in twenties , thirties and fifties . "
Other delegates in SAOM aligned themselves with the findings of the Southern African Development Community parliamentary forum that said the vote had not met SADC 's norms and standards .
The United States , Britain , local Zimbabwean observers , and the Commonwealth observer team also described the poll as not free and fair .
She believed that SAOM head , Dr Sam Motsuenyane had probably based his findings on the guidelines .
Malinga , who was based in southern Matabeleland near Beitbridge , said the election were characterised by -- among others -- intimidation .
Bam on Sunday said she believed Zimbabwe 's election was not free and fair , adding they were not in line with international standards as well as those of her organisation .
It is notable that the Commonwealth observer mission did not move again although the opposition had now joined them in the same hotel .
C'wealth mission conduct questionable
But how could Blair have " a Commonwealth report " when no one else had received such a report that should be channeled through the Secretariat to all members , asked one of the other 53 Commonwealth leaders at the retreat ?
These are some of the realities that Presidents Obasanjo of Nigeria and Thabo Mbeki of South Africa , confronted as they flew from Harare last night for their meeting in London tomorrow with the Australian leader who is the third member of the Commonwealth troika .
Blair 's second faux pas in Australia , according to some of the assembled Commonwealth leaders , came in his response to a remarkably conciliatory speech by Zimbabwe 's Foreign Minister , Dr Stan Mudenge .
A Namibian woman member of the Commonwealth observer mission , who is the well-respected , Deputy Speaker of the National Council in her country , held different views to those stated in the interim Commonwealth report that was released only after the election results were known .
The hand symbolised reconciliation ; and Blair accepted it .
The final straw that confirmed that Australia had abandoned any pretence of fairness to all sides in the dispute came when the Australian Prime Minister , John Howard , ordered his High Commissioner in Harare not to attend Sunday 's inauguration of Robert Mugabe as President of Zimbabwe .
There was also the curious appointment of and behaviour by individual members of the Commonwealth mission who should have been sworn to secrecy as part of their mission and who should have expressed their views only through the chair of the mission .
Furthermore , as anyone who has been following the Zimbabwean Press can testify , many of the Meikles farms around the country have been acquired by the State as part of the land reform programme .
Although the Commonwealth missions nominally operate on the basis of " consensus " , she and others of a similar view were dismissed as " troublemakers " by one of the former Secretariat staff-cum-observer .
Normally staff make up the Secretariat in support of a mission populated by more eminent , neutral persons .
No doubt Blair will fight on .
By A Special Correspondent - Britain 's Prime Minister , Tony Blair , privately did two things concerning Zimbabwe during the recent " retreat " by Commonwealth leaders in Australia that raise questions about today 's meeting in London by the troika of Australia , Nigeria and South Africa .
Why were several former and recent employees of the Commonwealth Secretariat accredited as observers ?
The Commonwealth Secretary-General , Don McKinnon of New Zealand is also known to support his country 's decision to condemn Zimbabwe 's presidential election .
Meikles Hotel has long been known as a hot bed of opposition politics .
The Commonwealth leaders , many of them in the first place unable to understand the dispute between Zimbabwe and its former coloniser , Britain , breathed a collective sigh of relief at what they hoped was the beginning of the healing process .
But the solution to the present impasse lies with the people of Zimbabwe and Africa , not with the people of Britain and Europe .
Instead , an Australian member of the Federal Parliament , Julie Bishop , vented her anger towards the President and Government , and the electoral process , in Australia 's media .
The Nigerian leader , President Olusegun Obasanjo , had urged the minister not to attack Blair frontally over Britain 's negative position regarding Zimbabwe , but to deal with the presidential election preparations in a dispassionate and precise manner .
Meanwhile , back in Harare , some strange things were happening with the Commonwealth mission .
Then Mudenge proposed that Britain and Zimbabwe bury past differences and work together in the future .
But there was still an unanswered question in the minds of the Commonwealth leaders : How had the British Prime Minister seen the purported " Commonwealth report on Zimbabwe " when they had not ?
The British leader fudged his reply and the Commonwealth leaders were left with the distinct impression that the " Blair report " had already been written in London before the Commonwealth mission even left for Zimbabwe .
The first was that Blair said he had received an interim report from the Commonwealth observer mission to Zimbabwe that condemned the outcome of the presidential election - before Zimbabweans had even had a chance to vote .
The composition of the Commonwealth mission raised further questions .
Their mission was simply to rubber stamp the adverse report that Britain had already written .
Presidents Obasanjo and Mbeki , however , have the benefit of their own observer missions to Zimbabwe as well as the support of the vast majority of the Commonwealth .
The Australians , in common with other white members of the Commonwealth , the European Union ( EU ) , the Americans , Norwegians and the Swiss stayed away from that event saying they do not recognise the election and therefore Mugabe as the head of State .
And , in line with Commonwealth consensus , the views of the majority are taken to be the views of the Commonwealth as a whole .
Then Mudenge rose to his feet , strode over to Blair and thrust out his hand .
On the spurious grounds that the Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front ( Zanu-PF ) election campaign centre was in an adjoining building , the Commonwealth observers moved out to the privately owned Meikles Hotel .
But because of their openly hostile position towards the President and Government , the BBC was refused accreditation to cover the presidential election .
If a rocket launch fails , debris weighing hundreds of tonnes will be scattered over the densely-populated island of Java or the tourist island of Bali , and on to the east as far as Timor .
The nation should certainly be concerned about the plans to build a rocket launch pad , work on the infrastructure for which is due to start in 2002 , with launches beginning from 2004 .
But in conversation with Kompas on Sunday ( 17 Mar ) , one of Indonesia 's few space law experts , Prof Dr Priyatna Abdurrasyid , expressed a different opinion .
This is a very important lesson for Indonesia .
The kangaroo country should implement risk management procedures before opening the space station on Christmas Island , and open as widely as possible the opportunity of cooperation with other states , and open complete access to cooperation to all states without exception .
Australia 's plans to construct a space port on Christmas Island , located just a stone 's throw , a mere 500 kilometres south of Jakarta , has concerned some in the Indonesian Government .
At such close proximity , if bilateral relations with Australia were to take a turn for the worse , firing at Indonesia would be extremely easy .
Although diplomatic overtures to express official objections have not yet been made , the government through the National Space and Flight Agency has already warned of the possible risks facing Indonesia .
A National Space and Flight Agency working paper suggest a high degree of difficulty if Indonesia , as a state that has suffered damage , were to lodge a damages claim .
Of course , lodging a claim is not as simple as clapping one 's hands .
Fortunately shrapnel from the former space station , which measured 33 x 30 x 27 metres and weighed 137 tonnes , burned up as it re-entered the earth 's atmosphere somewhere over the Pacific Ocean between Chile and Australia .
It would suffice to submit a claim to the UN Claims Commission and state that the space debris in Indonesia had originated from the Australian space centre .
" If Australia then denies the claim , we need only demand that Australia produce proof that the space debris did not originate from its space centre activities .
Unlike other experts , Priyatna believes that Indonesia should not be too concerned [ about the Australian planned space station ] .
Indonesia would not need to produce further evidence to substantiate its claim , he said .
On the other hand , Christmas Island is certainly an ideal location for rocket launches due to its proximity to the Equator and the geostationary orbit ( GSO ) .
As the nation most likely to suffer the impact of the Australian Space Port , Indonesia could rely on the simplest article in the Liability Convention , Section 14 .
Therefore , plans to construct a space port should be moved from Christmas Island if Australia is really willing to listen to Indonesia 's objections .
" In principle , my personal opinion is that we should n't go against the current .
This is no different to arbitration hearings to resolve other cases , " Priyatna said .
In the case of objections to the Christmas Island space station , Indonesia would need to be able to show that damage that has occurred within its territorial area was caused by space objects launched from the Christmas Island station .
Rather than issuing a letter of objection to the Australian Government , would n't it be better to join them in our own national interest ? " he asked .
Indonesia at the very least needs to sign the UN Convention on Space as well as ratify several other treaties governing national activities in outer space .
This would of course require advanced technology and great cost to bring the matter to a claim submission .
But the problem is , who can ensure that these guidelines will indeed be adhered to ?
The problem is , this large-scale project right in our own backyard could not only potentially cause space debris consisting of bits of rocket , fuel and satellites to fall into Indonesian territory , but will also disrupt flights and shipping .
Meaning that rather than challenging and issuing objections to the Australian space project , Indonesia should take advantage of our southern neighbour 's space activities .
Australia should adhere to the Cardinal Principle of International Law , which states that all nations in the world must first respect and promote the humanitarian interests and progress of all humankind .
The treaty also pledges that the launching of space objects be purely for humanitarian purposes and not for military purposes , " Priyatna said .
In claiming compensation from the Soviet Union over Cosmos 954 , Canada was forced to navigate numerous procedural complications .
If a deadlock in negotiations occurs , the parties can ask the UN Claims Commission as a neutral party to act as adjudicator .
" Australia is not allowed to prevent other states who want to cooperate on its space centre .
Even more worrying is the possibility that a space station could be transformed into a military base and pose a threat to Indonesia 's national sovereignty .
Rather we should the use the current to our mutual benefit , " he said .
Unfortunately , historical precedent shows that claiming compensation is no easy matter .
Indonesia can exploit this principle of the Space Treaty 1967 .
The army would like to request whoever is engaged in this criminal activity , to stop , " he said .
The Mozambican soldiers have promised to act quickly .
" We have discovered that there is a certain family around Lomahasha , which is suspected of assisting illegal immigrants with shelter and transport .
BETHANY - The number of illegal immigrants in Swaziland seems to be increasing .
She said during the U.S. President Bush 's working visit to China last month , state leaders of both countries agreed that Chinese President Jiang Zemin and Vice President Hu Jintao would visit the United States this year .
Beijing , March 21 ( XINHUA ) -- China urged the United States on Thursday to abide by the " one China policy " , warning that any act to trample upon the Sino-U.S. Joint Communiques could result in a " very unfavorable " impact on relations between the two countries .
Zhang replied that Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing has put forward China 's stand on the matter while making strong representations to the U.S. government with the hope that the United States treats the matter seriousness it deserves .
Zhu said the U.S. side should stop interfering in China 's internal affairs by interfering in the Taiwan issue .
China hopes the United States will not do anything against the spirit of the three Sino-U.S. Joint Communiques , she said .
The question of Taiwan , which relates to China 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , is an essential and most important issue and is at the heart of Sino-U.S. relations , said Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue .
However , within one month of Bush 's visit , the U.S. has already done several things which are against the spirit of the three Sino-U.S. Joint Communiques .
First , the voter registration process was not transparent and was conducted in such a way as to favour the ruling party .
Third , it is alleged that some key election officials such as presiding officers were Central Intelligence Organisation operatives .
The main reason for this lack of transparency is that in terms of the current constitution and laws , voter registration is conducted by officials appointed by , and answerable to , the President .
He has used the current constitution to stay in power .
A core of determined and committed Zimbabweans is sufficient for this purpose .
If Mugabe were to announce his retirement before the expiry of his six-year term and ZANU PF were to field any of his less illustrious colleagues as a presidential candidate , without a fundamental change to the rules , Zimbabweans will learn an even more bitter lesson : ZANU PF will " steal " that election again .
The conclusion to be reached from this whole picture is that under the current constitutional and legal framework for the holding of presidential elections , it is almost impossible to vote out an incumbent President .
IT will be a monumental tragedy for Zimbabwe and the future of the democratisation process if we fail to draw proper and useful lessons from the debacle surrounding the just-concluded presidential election .
It is him who must be confronted with such a demand as constitutional reform .
Mass action for a new constitution places Mugabe in a difficult situation .
The masses required for such a struggle to succeed need not be substantial .
I must warn at the outset that there are two groups of persons whose analyses must be handled with caution .
These two points are crucial in any discussion of the way forward .
Constitutional reform is at the heart of any new democratic discourse in Zimbabwe .
More fundamentally , the struggle for a new constitution is a question of principle , not personalities .
The issue is not about Mugabe .
A criticism which has been levelled against this way forward is that mass action aimed at confronting Mugabe with a demand for a new constitution translates into recognising him when in fact his government is illegitimate .
My view then , and indeed those of my colleagues , was that a democratic environment in which free and fair elections are the norm , and in which citizens enjoy real freedoms , could only be created if a new , democratic and people-driven constitution were put in place .
This enabled the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation to abuse its position by broadcasting ZANU PF propaganda only .
We have learnt our lesson and it will be irresponsible to seek to dispute this clear fact .
We do not need to wait for that scenario before we embrace the need to fight for a new constitution .
Mugabe must be forced to yield to a new process of constitutional reform leading to a new constitution .
Secondly , the designation of polling stations , as is now well known , was specifically done in a way that favoured ZANU PF by granting ridiculously few polling stations in urban areas .
Yet I must declare my interests at the outset .
I now proceed to illustrate this truth .
Never again should Zimbabweans go into an election under the current constitution .
Mugabe must be confronted with constitution issue
It is a legitimate struggle which Mugabe can not dismiss as a Western imperialist ploy because its demands are clear and unambiguous : a more democratic system of government , a more democratic framework for conducting elections , an expanded Bill of Rights and so on .
However , this says nothing about the way forward .
It was naive for the Movement for Democratic Change to believe that the people 's anger against Mugabe was , in itself , sufficient to carry the day in an election , whatever the circumstances .
First , there has been no spontaneous uprising against Mugabe notwithstanding the widespread disbelief that greeted his victory among many voters , particularly those in urban areas .
The NCA last December completed a draft constitution which Mugabe , through Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa , refused to receive .
And in doing this , he overrode court orders to the contrary .
Thus , it was the President who banned postal voting by all Zimbabweans outside their constituencies except members of the army and the police .
He can not be heard to defend the current constitution , which has been roundly condemned by all .
There must be mass action for a new constitution .
That draft must be forced on Mugabe and the NCA hopes that Zimbabweans will join in this noble cause to put in place a secure framework for good governance in Zimbabwe .
This much must be regarded as admitting of no doubt .
It is critical that a new constitution be in place as soon as possible so that any future election is held in a transparent and credible manner .
In terms of that view , it is almost impossible to change the government through an election conducted in terms of the current constitution .
It was the President who directed that there be tripartite elections in Harare .
Under the current constitution , the President has no powers to designate a successor , should he decide to retire .
Mugabe is a political fact .
A presidential election is not necessarily six years away .
If such rights had been enshrined , it would have given the opposition the right to approach the courts for orders directing the police to facilitate free campaigning in the so-called no-go areas .
There is little doubt that the presidential election was neither free nor fair .
ZANU PF had anticipated such an uprising , hence the massive intimidatory show of force that was evident in the deployment of security forces in every part of the country during and after the announcement of the election results .
From those very first days sometime in early 1997 when , alongside colleagues like Tendai Biti , Welshman Ncube , Brian Kagoro , Priscilla Misihairabwi , Everjoice Win and Tawanda Mutasa , I participated in formulating the concept of the National Constitutional Assembly ( NCA ) , it has been clear to me that the sole purpose of the current Zimbabwean constitution is to preserve and protect the rule of ZANU PF .
In legal jargon , to those who do not recognise his presidency , he remains the de facto President .
This brings us to the way forward .
This election was not stolen on March 9 and 10 2002 , nor is the outcome illegitimate merely on the allegations of rigging arising from the events of the polling days .
This is the view I still hold so strongly that I must confess it may cloud my assessment of the just-concluded presidential elections .
This is useless sophistry .
In our case , the so-called " supplementary voters ' roll " was nothing but a list of names of ZANU PF supporters compiled under dubious circumstances but it was given legal validity by President Robert Mugabe acting is terms of the current constitution and laws .
These two groups dominated the pre-election period with all sorts of analyses and predictions whose value is yet to be ascertained .
Secondly , key African countries have accepted Mugabe 's victory while almost the entire Western world has " rejected " the election results .
An election which fails to meet the standard of being " free and fair " produces an illegitimate outcome .
Parliament also passed the Public Order and Security Act which the police deliberately misinterpreted to suppress the opposition .
Fourth , there were the so-called " no-go areas " in Mashonaland Central , West , East and some parts of the Midlands .
This struggle does not need a spontaneous uprising .
Two points must be made .
The lesson to be learnt from this poll is that until Zimbabwe has a genuinely democratic constitution enshrining universally recognised norms and institutions for the holding of an election , a free and fair ballot will remain a mirage .
Politicians who in the run-up to the election peddled theories about how the " will " of the people would prevail notwithstanding the labyrinth of constitutional provisions loaded against a free and fair election must now admit that they were wrong .
Mugabe has no moral excuse for shooting people merely demanding a new constitution .
In other countries , there is no scope for such madness .
Even the African observers who endorsed Mugabe 's re-election have also criticised the constitutional framework governing elections in Zimbabwe .
Finally , and more significantly , the President enjoys enormous powers under the current constitution which he used to further his electoral chances .
Fifth , equal access to the public media is not guaranteed by our constitution .
Various options have been discussed , but the better way forward is to confront the Mugabe regime with the constitutional question .
There were other countless examples of the President 's use of the powers he enjoys under the current constitution to mould the electoral process in his favour .
Most of the problems faced in this election have their roots in the defective nature of our constitutional framework .
Moscow has expressed the wish to import more Mongolian meat .
He is also expected to be awarded the title of honorary doctor of the university .
At the same time , the ambassador said in an interview with ITAR-TASS that large Russian capital and businesses " are not active enough in dealings with Mongolia " at the moment .
The official programme of Kasyanov 's stay in capital Ulaanbaatar will begin with a tete-a-tete meeting with Mongolian Prime Minister Nambaryn Enhbayar on Monday , followed by talks in an extended format and signing of several agreements .
Russia 's Ambassador to Mongolia Oleg Derkovskiy believes that there are no problems in relations between the two states and the common border stretching for 3,500 kilometres is a border of peace and good neighbourliness .
Russia would like to increase its stake in Erdenet from the current 49 % , but Mongolia is also interested in increasing its 51 % stake .
Russia has proposed improving the situation by increasing exports of Mongolian meat to Russia .
The main goal of the visit is to broaden economic cooperation between the two countries , whose present-day pace is not fast enough .
This issue is likely to be discussed in Ulan-Bator , since the 1991 agreement on this company expires on December 31 , 2002 .
Russia is prepared to discuss restructuring and deferment schemes with the Mongolian leadership .
Among other projects which Russian companies would like to implement in Mongolia are the laying of a gas pipeline from Russia to China ( Yukos ) , the gasification of individual districts of Mongolia ( Gazprom , Itera ) and electricity exports to Mongolia ( Unified Energy Systems of Russia . ) Mongolia is one of the few members of the former social camp to which Russia does not owe anything .
Fifty-five people , including former officials , businessmen and bankers are believed to be involved in the case .
Munther Halasa was one of the six detainees suspected of involvement in the questionable bank loans case which the government referred to the State Security Court prosecutor for investigation .
HONG KONG , March 26 ( AFP ) - China has disallowed a routine port call in Hong Kong for an American naval vessel , a spokeswoman for the US consulate said Tuesday .
There were two other similar episodes of permission being denied before that since the 1997 handover of the former British colony to China .
The bar on the USS Curtis Wilbur with some 346 crew is seen as reflecting Beijing 's anger over Washington 's decision to allow Taiwanese Defense Minister Tang Yao-ming to visit Florida for a military conference this month .
Beijing has twice summoned the US ambassador for dressings down over the issue , while a state-controlled newspaper reported last week that China was preparing to cancel naval exchanges with the United States in retaliation .
" The Chinese government denied a requested visit by the USS Curtis Wilbur , a destroyer , to visit Hong Kong from April 5 to 9 , " she said adding , " this would have been a routine port call . "
" No reason was given for the disapproval , " the spokeswoman added .
When Hong Kong was under British rule , the US navy made up to 65 port calls a year and Beijing had agreed the stopovers would continue after the territory returned to Chinese sovereignty .
The last time such a request was turned down was in May last year following the collision of a US spy plane with a Chinese fighter jet in international air space over the South China Sea on April 1 , 2001 .
An informed source has said that it can be seen that the designs for China 's manned spaceflight have taken into consideration future modifications .
What exactly then is a manned spaceship ?
However , it is understood that China has successfully resolved this problem to provide sufficient power supply for its spaceship .
According to the experience of the United States and Russia , one of the greatest problems of manned spaceship is inadequate power supply .
By referring to the designs of the Russia spaceship Soyuz , it is very possible that China will apply the lift control technology in its manned spaceship .
Judging from the selection of recovery sites for the two previous flights , the site for recovering the manned spaceship may be situated in the grassland of Inner Mongolia .
It is speculated that the spaceship will almost certainly be equipped with facilities relating to military observation and attack on enemy satellites .
Therefore , the manned spaceflight will enable China to have preliminary space combat capability .
It is learned that the manned spaceship will have a liftoff weight of about eight tonnes , and is less than 10 meters long and 3.5 meters in diameter .
Finance Minister Pedro Malan insisted yesterday on the need for a " more profound constructive engagement " on the part of multilateral institutions and governments in helping Argentina .
This , the Minister insists , is why " it makes no sense to demand that everything be done in one or two weeks , " referring to what the IMF and some governments , like that of the United States , are asking .
Pedro Malan 's attitude in relation to Argentina is very different from that of Jaime Caruana , governor of the Bank of Spain , the Spanish central bank .
The presidents of the six countries endorsed certain goals in relation to the debt , GDP , nominal deficits as a proportion of the six countries ' GDPs , and maximum inflation .
According to the Minister , Mercosur managed , after an " enormous technical effort , ' something that did not exist in the region two years ago - the harmonization of the statistics of the member countries , Bolivia and Chile , which were not comparable before .
The Minister believes that tension between Brazil and Argentina , resulting from the floating of the real in 1999 , will tend to disappear because the neighboring country is opting for a floating exchange rate system .
Given the degree of uncertainty that prevails over the inflation , foreign exchange and interest rates and over the economy 's real Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) this year , the approach should not be the traditional one , the Finance Minister says .
In Argentina 's defense , Malan says that Brazil 's Mercosur partner " has sought to define with clarity the fundamental issues of its basic regimes - foreign exchange ( floating exchange rate regime ) , monetary ( they intend , after phase of transition , to define their inflation goal system , which was important to Spain from 1995-1998 ) and fiscal . "
" A little calm is needed , the ability to look ahead , not let oneself be carried by the difficulties of the moment , " he emphasizes .
To Malan , however , more important than the harmonization of the parameters and the little Maastricht is the search for convergence of policies in a broader sense - structural , macro and microeconomic ones .
To Caruana , Argentina has to " create a broad program that generates internal and external stability and discuss it with the IMF . "
According to Malan , " long marches start with first steps . "
This was an important step that President Fernando Henrique Cardoso called a little Maastricht , that is , the search for convergence parameters that serve as a reference point for talks between experts from the six countries , the Minister says .
The Minister says that after the October elections in Brazil , it will be necessary to make more progress in the process of making changes to which the country has been committed over the past years .
Malan criticizes the stance taken by multilateral institutions like the IMF , who are asking for reforms in Argentina before the country can receive financial help .
" The priority now is to unshackle the credit system , for there is no modern economy that can function without credit .
The Minister says he is radically opposed to the idea of dollarizing the Brazilian economy .
But Caruana said that the banks " did their homework " and made provisions for their investments in Argentina .
The Finance Minister says he hopes , for Mercosur , something similar to what happened in the EU : " an ability to look decades ahead and not let oneself get beaten down , like in some countries that dedicate themselves to lamenting , that see the difficulties as being insurmountable , and the problems as being unsolvable . "
Dollarization is a not very trivial process of negotiation with the country that issues the currency , in this case the dollar , involving complex questions about the role of ultimate lender , the role of the Federal Reserve in the supervision and regulation of the banks in the dollarized country . "
Whoever says that these are small steps is incapable of recognizing the European Union 's experience , " the Minister says .
" We do not want to yield on Brazil 's having its own currency , its regional currency .
He suggests the definition of a series of priorities .
The Bank of Spain Governor did not want to detail what points Argentina should deal with to expand its program .
According to Malan , the dollarization process is irreversible .
This priority is urgent right now , " he told participants in the seminar on " The Euro and Brazil , " organized by this newspaper .
" We want to keep alight the flame of a single currency in the region in future , even if a distant one , " but until then , " there is the job of consolidating the institutions in the political and institutional sphere , of productive restructuring and of modernizing the State " in six countries - Brazil , Argentina , Uruguay , Paraguay , Chile and Bolivia .
Malan predicts that Argentina will be more competitive when it emerges from the crisis .
According to Malan , another approach is necessary in this period of transition of the Argentine crisis .
Malan defends a different posture : " to set aside the notion of cynicism , skepticism , that things will not work out , " and believe , like the Europeans , that there is a future to be built by the Mercosur countries and Chile and Bolivia , the associate members .
Based on this effort of statistical harmonization , we announced , in December 2000 , an agreement for basic convergence parameters .
Malan defends a single currency for Mercosur .
MOSCOW , March 28 ( Itar-Tass ) -- The Russian Rosaviakosmos space agency is planning to carry out two space launches from the Baikonur cosmodrome in April this year , a space agency official told Itar-Tass on Thursday .
Presidents Thabo Mbeki and Olusegun Obasanjo , sensing outright isolation of Mugabe and the refusal by many Zimbabweans and the West to recognise his win , have dispatched African National Congress secretary-general Kgalema Motlanthe and prominent West African diplomat Adebayo Adedeji to try to hammer a compromise between ZANU PF and the MDC .
The two envoys met MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai on Thursday and Saturday last week and outlined their brief and how they intended to proceed in trying to break the impasse .
Others say ZANU PF only wants the MDC on board to facilitate international recognition and the financing of its economic recovery programme and land reforms .
According to sources , the two Zimbabwean political parties were asked to draw up agendas for talks as the first step to finding a compromise to the current crisis .
Diplomatic sources say African leaders are frantically making efforts to bring the MDC on board through the formation of a coalition government in order to facilitate recognition of the Zimbabwean government by the international community and unlock much-needed foreign aid that has been suspended .
The MDC has said it wants fresh elections conducted under international supervision by the United Nations within the shortest possible period .
The 54-nation Commonwealth , the 15-nation European Union and most of the former Eastern Bloc states , the United States , the Scandinavian countries and most Western states and Japan have refused to recognise Mugabe 's re-election saying it was a blatant fraud and marred by state-sponsored violence .
It is also believed that some hardliners in ZANU PF want the current treason charges against Tsvangirai to be used as a bargaining chip to arm-twist the MDC leader into a compromise with Mugabe .
ZANU PF however wants the MDC to accept the result of the presidential election and join it in a coalition government whose composition is not yet clear .
The sources said the formation of a coalition government being pushed by Mbeki and Obasanjo was the most ideal way to stave off international isolation of Zimbabwe but has been received with mixed feelings by the governing party .
AFRICAN superpowers South Africa and Nigeria this week stepped up efforts to broker a comprise between Zimbabwe 's ruling ZANU PF party and the opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) to ward off the crisis of illegitimacy facing controversially elected President Robert Mugabe 's new administration .
The MDC has also refused to recognise Mugabe 's re-election , saying the March 9-11 vote was massively rigged and thousands of its supporters denied the vote .
Mugabe has received support from regional leaders as well as Nigeria , Russia , Iran and China .
There is a possibility that the attack on the PA 's headquarters could expand into a larger operation .
As events over the past two years indicate , a strategy based on imposing a settlement through military means will only deepen anger and provoke retaliatory violence from the Palestinians .
The just-concluded Arab summit had unanimously adopted a Saudi peace initiative , which called for full Israeli withdrawal from Arab territory occupied in the 1967 war , the creation of a Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as its capital and a " fair solution " to the Palestinian refugee problem based on UN resolutions .
Describing ! Arafat as " an enemy " of Israel , Prime Minister Ariel Sharon announced an extended military operation against " Palestinian terrorism " " everywhere it exists " .
In return , the Arabs had agreed to consider that the Arab-Israeli conflict is at an end , enter into peace treaties with Israel and open normal relations in the context of this comprehensive peace .
Israel 's immediate response to the peace plan was to dismiss it as a non-starter .
The attack on the PA headquarters barely a day after the peace initiative was accepted by the Arabs clearly indicates Israel 's rejection of any efforts to negotiate peace through compromise .
The international community must act immediately to pressure the Israeli government to step back from the dangerous course of action it is determined to pursue .
Israel 's attack on Arafat 's headquarters deals a stinging slap on the face of ongoing Arab efforts to negotiate a political settlement to the ongoing conflict .
It has been clear for some time that the Sharon government is planning on settling issues with the Palestinians through invasion and re-occupation of Palestinian land and then offering a settlement based on its terms .
Any hopes that were raised by the Arab peace plan have been dashed to pieces with Israel attacking the offices of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at Ramallah .
Friday 's attack strikes at the heart of this authority .
The attack on the PA headquarters is an explosive move and has put West Asia on the brink of another war .
As usual , Israel is projecting its attack as a defensive action - a response to two suicide attacks over the last two days at Netanya and a Jewish settlement , which left about 24 people dead .
The settlers , who number around 220,000 people , have taken the Israeli Government and consequently both the Israeli and Palestinian peoples hostage .
The Palestinian Authority has effectively ceased to function .
He is now a prisoner in his own headquarters .
The day the Israeli tanks again leave Ramallah they will have sown the seed for new terrorist actions .
Military superiority can not solve problems that are fundamentally of a political nature .
The action that is currently taking place can at best only throw the terrorist groups off balance for a time .
No Arab leader was in any doubt that from Sharon 's standpoint the resolution was not welcome .
Terrorism thrives in an atmosphere of hate , and the Israeli occupation and the use of military force are creating the fertile soil from which future terrorists will be recruited .
Now he declared that Arafat was an " enemy . "
Settlers Have Taken Palestine Hostage
One-third Israelis , two-thirds Palestinians .
Before he had announced his agreement , the Natanya massacre and the Israeli counteraction occurred .
According to these sources , Sharon had accepted the cease-fire proposal , while Arafat hesitated .
But this is a conflict without winners .
It was then that the Arab heads of state adopted the three noes : no to negotiations with Israel , no to recognition , no to peace .
A few hours after the end of the summit chance came to Sharon 's rescue .
Quite the reverse : Anonymous U.S. sources say that Washington holds Arafat responsible for the fact that U.S. mediator Anthony Zinni 's endeavors to arrange a cease-fire have now foundered .
The resolution forced him into a corner .
This time Washington is largely keeping silent .
A few days ago the parties in the Palestine conflict found themselves at a crossroads .
On Thursday the Arab Summit in the Lebanese capital of Beirut ended with the adoption of a resolution whose content illustrated how far the Arab world has come since the summit that took place in the Sudanese capital of Khartoum in 1967 , shortly after the Israeli victory in the Six Days War .
It can not solve the Israeli people 's security problems , because the root of the terrorism is the Israeli occupation and the Israeli settlements on occupied territory .
It is likely that at present Sharon is entertaining similar thoughts and wants to create step by step a situation that will make it possible for him to rid himself of his enemy .
Despite Arafat 's promise to take action to neutralize the people on the list , he did not lift a finger .
They decided to take steps to destroy the " Palestinian terrorist structure , arrest its leaders , confiscate arms , and so on . "
A few weeks previously Sharon had described Arafat as " irrelevant . "
For the time being at least the United States has thus given Sharon a free hand .
He was known to the Israeli intelligence service .
The summit 's declaration was the best piece of news the Middle East has produced since the Oslo Accords between Prime Minister Yitzhaq Rabin and Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat were signed on the lawn in front of the White House in Washington in 1993 .
The resolution that was put forward by Saudi Arabia was a plea addressed to the Israeli people over the heads of Ariel Sharon 's government .
Even the mention of one of the cardinal problems between Israel and the Palestinians - the future of the 3 million Arab refugees - was couched in terms softer than at any time in the past .
Circumstances have led to a situation where today the two parties in the conflict find themselves on the road that leads swiftly to the abyss .
On Thursday the summit adopted a resolution that proposed the recognition of the Jewish state , normal relations , and an end to the conflict in return for Israeli withdrawal from the Palestinian territories that Israel has occupied for almost 35 years .
His problem is that he does not know what to do with it .
It has not sent the usual appeals to both sides .
Israeli 's antiterrorist operations must not bring the Palestinian Authority to collapse , Israeli forces must not reconquer the territories under the jurisdiction of the authority , and Arafat the man must not be molested .
Sharon neither can nor will give up the occupied territories , and so he would be unmasked in the eyes of the whole world as the man standing in the way of peace in the Middle East .
Sharon is a master of escalation .
Beijing , March 31 ( XINHUA ) -- Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan Sunday urged immediate withdrawal of Israeli troops from Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's residence and called for Arafat 's personal safety to be ensured .
The Chinese government is deeply concerned about the sudden deterioration in the Middle East situation , Tang said .
In response to Tang 's enquiry , he expressed that Israel is willing to promise to the international community that Israel will not threaten Arafat 's personal safety and will not destroy the Palestine National Authority .
Tang asked Israel to do so in order to serve the overall requirement of security and stability in the Middle East as well as Israel 's own long-term interest .
Arafat , as leader of the Palestinian people and one of the initiators of peace talks between Israel and Palestine , has made great efforts to push forward the Middle East peace process , Tang said , stressing that disastrous consequences would happen to the Middle East region if unexpected incidents took place to Arafat 's safety .
Tang expressed his hope that Israel will implement Resolution 1402 of the United Nations Security Council unconditionally , withdraw its troops completely from Palestinian areas and solve the problems through peaceful means .
Meanwhile , China opposes and condemns the recent violent activities in Israeli territory , and China expresses condolence , sympathy and solicitude to the family members of the victims , said Tang .
The pressing matter of the moment is that Israel and Palestine should both exercise maximum restraint and adopt concrete measures to stop the conflict immediately and create conditions for resumption of the peace talks , Tang said .
Tang said that the abrupt escalation of the conflict between Israel and Palestine has caused huge casualties and property losses , and Arafat 's personal safety was severely endangered .
The protesters were showing their support to Palestinians following Israel 's recent incursion into Palestinian President Yasser Arafat 's West Bank headquarters in Ramallah , which killed at least five security personnel .
The students believe the U.S. is allied with Israel .
JAKARTA ( JP ) : Protesting Muslim students in favor of Palestinian solidarity tried to force their way into the U.S. Embassy compound on Jl . [ Road ] Medan Merdeka Selatan in Central Jakarta on Wednesday , prompting clashes with the police officers who tried to block them away , reports said .
Medan Merdeka Selatan in Central Jakarta following the protest .
The Chief Minister described Pakistan as mother of terrorism and said if the world has to rid itself from this menace , the perpetrators across the border had to be dealt with firmly .
Dr Abdullah also dwelt on various social services in the area and said that answer to meeting the growing demand of tap water in various localities of Jammu is tapping of Chenab water for the purpose .
He said Pakistan is attempting hard to put India in communal flames so that forces are withdrawn from the borders to deal with the internal situations , thereby leaving field day for ultras to cross over to this side .
The ultras were indulging in blood-shed and their lunaticism has touched such heights that they were not even sparing the worship places , he said and referred to the attack in Raghunath bazaar and temple complex .
Expressing concern over dwindling moral values in the society , the Chief Minister said that youngsters must get inspiration from their glorious past and respect their parents and teachers .
'Those digging graves for others , get engraved themselves ' , he said while citing the example of Afghanistan .
He said mere positioning of army at borders was not enough as infiltration was still continuing .
Responding to the demands put forth in a memorandum by the residents of Chhanni Himmat , Narwal , Malik Marker Bye-Pass , Chhanni Bija , Chhanni Rama , Chhanni Kamala and Ambedkar Nagar , the Chief Minister said that he will get examined the issue regarding addition of 11th and 12th classes in the area .
He called for launching a coaching class for various competitive exams , as the area has no such facility .
Dr Abdullah also dwelt on the spread of education saying that teaching younger generation means steering the nation to prosperity and progress .
Reiterating that Pakistan will not give up terror , the Chief Minister said that ultimately the demon they have reared will eat up their own vitals .
Dr. Abdullah presented best teacher award and appreciated the performance of student artists who presented cultural items .
He cautioned the people against the enemy and said that extra vigil will certainly help in nabbing suspects .
'Concentrate on those today who are the builders of nation tomorrow ' , he asked the teachers community while appreciating the involvement of parents in career building of their wards .
JAMMU , Apr 2 -- Chief Minister Dr. Farooq Abdullah today accused Pakistan army for breeding terrorism in India to remain in power against the wishes of their people who want peace .
He said due regard to elders and teachers is imperative for harmonious society .
'For their sustenance and survival , Pak generals have been throttling the voice of Pakistanis who wish to live in friendship and cordiality with their neighbours ' , the Chief Minister said while addressing a function organised by United Public High School at Channi Himat here this afternoon .
The Iraqi side has pledged to " take into consideration the Russian Fuel and Energy Ministry 's recommendations " related to allocation of oil export quotas to its Russian partners .
In April , the UN Sanctions Committee will probably lift restrictions from Russia-Iraq contracts in different spheres valued at about $ 900 million .
Concerning the presence of the U.S. and its NATO allies in the region , Rushailo said that the Russian position on cooperation between the Central Asian states and the anti-terrorist coalition is well known .
" However , this right should not be exercised to the detriment of the legitimate interests of neighboring states .
This is one of the most important rules of the international community , " Rushailo said .
" We support it .
The representatives of the Israeli armed forces said that " rumors about the assault have been prompted by false information , which is being circulated among foreign journalists by Palestinian sources . "
The press service for the Israeli army told Interfax on Thursday that " now , it is in a state of war , and at such a time , it uses all possible points of observation . "
The army representatives said " it is necessary to reduce possible civilian casualties , including among the Palestinians . "
The Israeli army has also strongly denied reports about an assault on the Cathedral of the Nativity in Bethlehem , which allegedly began recently .
This was the response by the Israeli army to the demand made by the Russian Orthodox Church to leave the Pilgrim 's House so as not to undermine the peacekeeping mission of the Moscow Patriarchy in the Holy Land .
The representatives told Interfax that Israeli soldiers " strictly adhere to moral norms , respecting sanctuaries of all religions , and will act the same in the next stages of the war against terrorism . "
This policy is supposed to guarantee Israel 's security ?
The house arrest , temporarily relaxed only after massive international pressure , imposed by Israel 's prime minister on Yasir Arafat follows the siege of the Palestinian president 's headquarters by Israeli troops .
Sharon , who as defense minister in 1982 headed the Israeli Lebanon invasion , at that time -- as was determined by Israel 's Supreme Court -- shared responsibility for the massacres in the Palestinian Sabra and Shatila refugee camps and therefore lost his government post in 1983 .
Sharon , who back then caused serious damage to Israel 's international reputation , is well on his way to doing so again .
It must be clear to all who want peace that it is time for a different policy .
1 What kind of victory is it that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon thinks he is achieving with his " total war " ?
The last few months have shown that his strategy of suppression has not prevented further suicide attacks , which [ attacks ] must be emphatically condemned in the strongest terms .
A lasting solution to the conflict can only be achieved with the principle of " land for peace " determined at the Madrid Conference in 1991 .
A few days ago the Israeli prime minister himself referred to the Lebanon war , and in so doing voiced his regret that Palestinian leader Arafat was not killed by Israel at that time .
In Israel , 338 who refuse conscription are a sign that increasingly more Israelis feel they are held hostage by 250,000 settlers and are not prepared to go to war for the settlements .
On the contrary , it prepares the ground for further hatred and a further escalation of the violence .
In return for recognition of an independent , sovereign Palestinian state , Israel 's right to security from its neighbors must be guaranteed .
International journalists are being refused access to the cities occupied by Israel , a group of Arab and Israeli peace activists , who wanted to bring food to Ramallah , is expelled by the Israeli Army .
Militarily Israel can win the war against the Palestinians because of its strength ; politically -- in the eyes of the world 's public -- it looks different .
Israel must -- as was demanded by the United Nations -- withdraw from the occupied territories ; international peacekeeping forces should be deployed .
With his campaign against Palestine Sharon is jeopardizing relations with the Arab states , whose peace offer ( Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah 's peace plan ) he has just turned down .
All who want peace must be aware that the material basis for a security guarantee for Israel will only be supplied with the withdrawal of all settlers and soldiers from the areas occupied in 1967 .
After occupying the autonomous Palestinian city of Ramallah , Israeli tanks are pushing further into the Palestinian autonomous areas , occupying other cities and destroying the established -- EU-supported -- infrastructure .
In this context everyone must be aware that the core of the problem is still the illegally established Israeli settlements in the Palestinian autonomous regions , which have steadily been expanded in the last few years .
Unimpressed by UN decisions and EU appeals , Sharon is continuing his policy of provocation , which began with his demonstrative visit to the Temple Mount .
The question arises for the Israeli Labor Party of how long it can still justify a coalition with Sharon .
Boontipa , head of the ministry 's Department of Business Economics , said the time frame of the bilateral free-trade area would be shorter than the 10-year time frame envisaged for a free-trade area between China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) , of which Thailand is a member .
Local dailies quoted senior Commerce Ministry official Boontipa Simaskul as saying that if China agrees to form a bilateral free-trade area , the time frame will be set immediately .
The meeting is the first since the initiative got the nod from their leaders during the annual ASEAN-China leaders ' summit in Brunei last November .
Bangkok , 09 April Kyodo -- Thailand expects China 's official response to its proposal for a free-trade agreement Friday when Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra meets Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji on the sidelines of a regional economic conference , local dailies said Tuesday .
France says time is right for joint US-European action on Mideast
" This support will be an asset for Mr Colin Powell , to whom we renew our support in his difficult mission , " according to the communique of the spokesman of the French Foreign Affairs Ministry , Francois Rivasseau .
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan , the European high representative for the common foreign and security policy ( CFSP ) , Javier Solana , and the foreign ministers of Spain and Russia , Josep Pique and Igor Ivanov , on Wednesday called on Israel to " withdraw immediately " from all Palestinian areas that have recently been occupied and collectively expressed their full support to the Middle East mission US Secretary of State Colin Powell is going to undertake .
Paris , 10 April : " The conditions are now in place for the United States and the European Union to combine their efforts to work for peace , " the French Foreign Affairs Ministry said on Thursday [ as received - presumably meant to read Wednesday 10 April ] following the Madrid meeting on the Middle East .
The same goes for Spanish Foreign Minister Josep Pique , who was offended after Israel refused to allow him and EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana to meet with PA Chairman Yasser Arafat in Ramallah .
European Commission President Romano Prodi expressed similar sentiments : in his opinion , the EU should consider imposing an economic " punishment " on Israel in protest against the operations of the Israel Defense Forces in the territories .
However , the fact that certain countries have a more balanced view of the conflict is not the only reason to doubt that anti-Israeli decisions will , in fact , be adopted .
In addition , the Parliament called for imposing a weapons embargo on Israel and the Palestinian Authority .
One can not assume that Israel will act under the pressure of deeds and oversights that are often tainted with a significant degree of hypocrisy .
Earlier this week , Belgian Foreign Minister Louis Michel , who does not miss an opportunity to provoke Israel , threatened that the EU would once again reconsider its relations with Jerusalem .
Israel will not change its positions on vital security issues , even if the European states eliminate customs breaks afforded to Israeli exports .
EU External Affairs Commissioner Chris Patten expressed this clearly Tuesday when he said that canceling the association agreements between Israel and the EU would do nothing to enhance Jerusalem 's readiness to listen to European representatives .
The Europeans know that repeated denunciations of Israel , not to mention its punishment , will not lead to a solution of the conflict .
A unilateral move is likely to prejudice Europe 's status in helping to find a solution to the conflict .
For some time , European politicians have threatened to suspend economic ties with Israel -- a move , which in light of close and extensive trade relations between EU member states and Israel , could cause serious damage .
What holds true with regard to threats by EU leaders also holds true for threats expressed by certain European states and the means of punishment they might already be implementing .
If the Europeans wish to influence Israel in the political arena -- in a direction that many in Israel would support wholeheartedly -- they will not be able to promote their positions in such a manner .
Countries like France and Belgium are easily capable of voting for sanctions against Israel , but other states -- including Germany and Britain -- have exhibited a more balanced position regarding the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
The European Parliament , which convened yesterday in Strasbourg , decided to advise the 15 member states of the European Union to impose economic sanctions on Israel and , specifically , to suspend association agreements with Jerusalem .
Despite the Parliament 's recommendation , the chances that the association agreements will be suspended are very slim .
It takes more than a recommendation from the European Parliament for this to happen ; the decision has to be taken by both the European Commission and the EU 's Council of Foreign Ministers , on which all 15 foreign ministers sit , and has to be unanimous .
GROZNY/MOSCOW . April 11 ( Interfax ) - A source in Russia 's Federal Security Service ( FSB ) said on Thursday that it could be stated " with a large degree of confidence " that Jordanian-born Chechen rebel warlord Khattab was killed in a Russian " intelligence and combat operation . "
The source , interviewed by Interfax in Grozny , expressed confidence that that the command of the Russian forces in Chechnya would soon " be able to obtain documentary confirmation " that Khattab was dead .
" One can say this with a large degree of confidence as , in the past two months , Khattab has not made his presence obvious in any way - he has n't been on air , and actions by militants in the region controlled by Khattab are uncoordinated too .
Reports by our informers also confirm the likelihood of his death , " the source said .
He was followed by Division General Rafael Damiani , from the militarized National Guard ( GN ) , who condemned the fact that President Chavez ordered troops to use force in putting down a demonstration in Caracas in support of the striking managers of the state-owned PDVSA [ Venezuelan Petroleum , Inc. ] .
" At this point , the military would have to intervene , either pressuring both sides into a real agreement or opting for an unconstitutional way out ( a coup ) , " he predicted .
The national strike is an important battle in the long-range war whose final result is not shaping up as a romance , " he said .
Opponents of the president who assembled this Wednesday in one of the offices of the state-owned Venezuelan Petroleum ( PDVSA ) , joining the strike waged by its executives since Thursday [ 4 April ] , are carrying signs appealing for support for the men in uniform .
The analyst observed that " Venezuela is now radicalized between an inept , abusive and authoritarian government and a neutralized , heterogeneous , impatient and politically immature opposition . "
Following their tour , Rincon supported the official report by stating that " the supply of oil to the main national and international markets ( this country 's main source of foreign exchange ) is normal and meets existing agreements . "
General Gonzalez , who reviewed the Venezuelan-Colombian border conflict , accused Chavez of lying when he stated that the Colombian guerrillas are not entering Venezuelan territory and contradicted him : They are indeed entering and " have been fought militarily " by troops from this country .
" Soldiers , where are you ? " " and " Soldier , support us , " read some of the posters carried by the strike sympathizers .
" The conflict will intensify in time .
Leon added that the opposition has viewed the PDVSA conflict as " the perfect lifesaver for reviving civilian social pressure for Chavez ' ouster from power , this following a cooling " of such pressure in recent days .
They have an existential conflict : Chavez wants to take over the institutions , and they want to oust him from power . "
The alternative of a state of emergency was explicitly ruled out this Wednesday by Interior Minister Ramon Rodriguez Chacin .
The analyst noted that although there is growing unrest in the streets , the opposition 's hope of the immediate exit of the chief of state " looks presumptuous . "
Army Brigadier General Nestor Gonzalez , who commands no troops , appeared at a press conference on Wednesday and made pronouncements against the chief of state , joining five other dissident officers on active duty who rebelled in February .
" With the guerrillas in particular , we supply the dead , while you enjoy politics , " Gonzalez said , the first of the military officials to rebel on Wednesday .
Leon visualizes two scenarios : In the first , tension will increase in the days ahead , but not destabilize the government , then dwindle toward the end of the week and generate frustration among the opposition over not achieving its objective , a factor that would in turn strengthen Chavez .
He further noted that the " possibilities of negotiation between these two groups are becoming nonexistent .
Speaking in his turn , Army Commander Efrain Vasquez and General Francisco Belisario Landis , commanding officer of the GN , affirmed that their forces are participating in the Armed Forces ' plans of alert and denied that there is any militarization of the facilities of the state-owned Venezuelan Petroleum ( PDVSA ) .
However , Datanalisis analyst Leon indicated that even though Chavez still controls the military forces at the present time , this fact " constitutes no permanent life insurance , " since the current indefinite general strike called by the opposition CTV and the FEDECAMARAS [ Venezuelan Federation of Associations and Chambers of Commerce and Industry ] leadership is only one battle in a war that he predicts will be a long one .
The second , " not to be dismissed , " he said , is that Chavez will remain strong in his position vis-a-vis his opponents and declare a state of emergency with the suspension of guarantees , the people would declare themselves in a state of civil disobedience , and uncontrolled violence would be unleashed .
However , the high military commands supported the government during the emergency caused by the strike staged by the trade union and business association opposition , a strike that was extended indefinitely on Wednesday night , according to Carlos Ortega , president of the Venezuelan Workers Confederation ( CTV ) , the largest labor confederation in the country .
Damiani , an official on active duty , said he had revealed the information in order to try to impede " this action resulting from a presidential folly that will sully the name of the Armed Forces and especially the National Guard . "
The second rebel , GN Div Gen Damiani , accused Chavez of having " ordered the National Guard to use force for the purpose of removing individuals positioned " in front of one of the PDVSA buildings in Chuao in this capital .
Caracas ( AFP ) -- The Venezuelan Military High Command maintains its support for President Hugo Chavez despite calls from the opposition to take part in an indefinite general strike declared Wednesday night [ 10 April ] , and despite the individual acts of insubordination of two generals on that same day , one of them in command of no troops .
The Islamic Republic has launched a relentless anti-drug campaign since the 1979 Islamic Revolution , in which more than 3,100 policemen have lost their lives .
It seems that by wielding its authority and exercising dictatorial powers as the world 's only superpower , the United States is determined to play a front and centre role in the intricate international game of oil prices and the free flow of this all-important strategic product otherwise known as the " Black Gold " .
Evidently , during a phone conversation on Friday Chavez told his daughter that he was forced to resign and accept the army 's non-negotiable conditions .
In any event , it is more than apparent that the United States intends to play a conspicuous role and exert increasing pressure as far as the oil issue is concerned .
The US had repeatedly asked Chavez and the Venezuelan government to increase the level of their oil output as well as exports .
The dethroning of Chavez by the Americans is a message that disobeying Uncle Sam would have cataclysmic consequences .
There is very little doubt that Chavez did not voluntarily resign his office and was in fact removed from power by the army .
The price of crude had taken a dramatic upsurge in the aftermath of the ever-deteriorating Middle East crisis , the unilateral cut off of Iraqi oil by Saddam Hussein and similar threats by several other oil producing countries .
In direct response , the Americans , who preach democracy to the entire planet , recognizing that they could no longer tolerate someone like Chavez reverted to their old bullying and dictatorial tactics and arranged for an army coup by several avowed pro-American generals , who managed to remove Chavez from power in a few short hours .
However , Chavez who is known for his ala Fidel Castro left-leaning anti-American philosophy had on a number of occasions rebuffed US requests for more oil exports .
The fall of Hugo Chavez in Caracas is a crystal-clear message and warning by the US to anyone in the world who is contemplating to use oil as a political tool in the future .
Israel 's atrocities are masterminded by high level Israeli officials including Shimon Peres .
The world community should not tolerate crimes of war .
The Palestinian people and the entire Arab World are waiting for a proof that international law protects human beings in general regardless of their color , ethnicity and religion .
The Israeli government is committing crimes of war against the Palestinians and should be tried by an international tribunal just like the governments of Rwanda and former Yugoslavia .
The news leaked from the reoccupied Palestinian cities confirms that Israeli troops have committed dozens of premeditated massacres against the civilian Palestinian population .
What happened in Bosnia Herzegovina is being repeated on a larger scale in various parts of the occupied Palestinian territories .
It is a crime against humanity .
The public opinion in the Arab and Islamic world is following closely what is happening in the occupied Palestinian territories .
This carnage is planned and implemented in compliance with decisions from Israeli field marshals .
We expect the World Community to take a step toward referring the Israeli criminals of war to the permanent tribunal for war crimes .
We are waiting to see that international laws are not selective and that they are not applied for political , cultural and ideological considerations .
People are being killed in masses and buried in collective graves .
That 's why they declared the reoccupied Palestinian cities closed military areas into which media people are not allowed .
An international tribunal for war crimes has been established in Rome and started its works officially last Thursday with the approval of more than 60 countries .
This means we will not need a Security Council resolution to establish the tribunal .
We should act carefully .
Dervis who touched on the cooperation between Turkey and Greece , said , " the cooperation between Turkey and Greece also have great importance symbolically .
Dervis said that the power of the globalization were stronger than the effects of regionalization .
We envisage a 3 percent growth in 2002 .
Dervis who defined the BSEC bank as an interesting idea , said that he believed that if that bank developed within a few years and entered the international markets , the bank would contribute to the improvement of the region in following years .
I call it as formation of good economic neighborhood .
Speaking at the opening of the conference , Dervis defined the regional cooperation as formation of good neighborly field and said , " the success of Western Europe after World War II laid in its creation of the good neighborly field .
We also plan to decrease inflation from 70 percent to 35 percent. "
Recalling that the new tender law had enabled everyone to join public investment tenders , Dervis said that Greek investors could benefit from the law .
State Minister Kemal Dervis has said that regional cooperation structures like the Black Sea Economic Cooperation ( BSEC ) were not the antithesis of globalization .
However , it could be better .
He said , " unfortunately , crises followed those rapid growth periods lasting for 3-4 years .
We do not know how Europe will develop towards southeast and east 15 or 20 years later. "
It is impossible not to wonder at the creators of the EU .
For example , South America is not a good neighborly field , and therefore , all regional countries are suffering from difficulties. "
Speaking at the press conference , Dervis said , " economic cooperation between Turkey and Greece will make an important contribution to the Balkans , Middle East and the Black Sea regions .
Dervis said that regional countries` making investment in any sector was not a loss for the other regional countries , but was a benefit , and stated that the investors who got used to the region would also come to the other countries and this was effective especially in tourism sector .
This will show that they can convey the message of peace to the third countries. "
Dervis went on saying , " for example , the European Union ( EU ) is a story of success .
However , I do not mean that we overcame all problems .
Dervis stated that Turkey had shown a great economic performance in last 20-25 years , and added that Turkish economy grew by 7-8 percent .
I hoped that Turkish and Greek foreign ministers will visit Middle East jointly .
Europe should not be considered as a block which has the definite borders .
Criticisms of Chavez 's governance have been widespread in the democratic world , above all in the past year , in which he has taken to visiting dictators like Castro or Saddam Husayn and writing to terrorists like the famous Carlos , instead of meeting his promises of prosperity and fair shares .
The coup misjudged its strength and Carmona remaining in power could have led to a serious division of the armed forces .
Debatable decisions of his have caused a deep social polarization and brought him into confrontation with representative sectors of civil society , against which he used more demagogy than arguments .
But the latest events reveal that his popularity had not collapsed .
It may or may not be to the liking of the Western foreign ministries which shared to some extent Washington 's pleasure at the ousting of Hugo Chavez , but the course of events in Venezuela has shown that he has the support of the majority of the population , who want him in the presidency , from which he was deposed and in which he was reinstalled by the military in a confused uprising ...
It is time for the former officer to rethink , to set priorities , to understand that the Cuban model no longer works even for Havana , to give up , as he has promised , revanchism and to understand that Venezuela is a Western country where there is no reason for it to be impossible to improve the fate of the Venezuelans and eradicate the eternal scourge of corruption , within a framework comparable to that of the rest of the world .
All of which , incidentally , is something of which Chavez has done very little so far .
The civilian opposition , which in the absence of political parties was organized around the employers ' organization and the trade unions , does not come out of it well either .
The today revived president will have to tackle the future with different methods .
This possibility and the proliferation of expressions of support for the overthrown leader among the military officers made a change of course advisable , with the forced resignation of Carmona and the even more meteoric period in office of Chavez 's vice-president , Diosdado Cabello , who only took up the post in order to give his leader time to reappear .
But President Chavez too is seriously damaged by his links to the groups of armed followers who left a score of dead in Thursday 's ! [ 1 ! 1 April ] crushing of the demonstrations .
All of this leaves in the air a feeling of military uncertainty , after a two-way trip in 24 hours which will undoubtedly leave deep wounds in armed forces which clearly have not given up their wish to exert a decisive influence in political life .
" We appreciate the return to stability of Venezuela 's domestic situation , " foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said .
Chavez , who returned to power Sunday , promised Monday to invite a broad spectrum of Venezuelan society to participate in a dialogue on the country 's problems .
BEIJING , April 16 ( AFP ) -- China Tuesday welcomed Venezuela 's return to political stability and expressed support for President Hugo Chavez 's promise for a dialogue on national reconciliation following his return to power after a coup .
" We believe that under the leadership of President Chavez , the people of Venezuela will devote themselves to political stability and economic development and make more progress in social advancement . "
As a friend of Venezuela , China hoped to further strengthen friendship and cooperation with the country , Zhang said .
As for the intifadah 's infrastructure , it has actually widened and turned into volcanoes that are boiling with rage .
Most importantly , however , these criminals will have the largest illusion if they imagine that they have succeeded in liquidating the intifadah and destroying its infrastructure after having succeeded in liquidating or arresting a small or large number of the intifadah 's leaders and strugglers
In addition , they seek to convince other parties of these two ideas and are waiting for the concerned parties to agree to them , or , at least , to the first one , after which these two administrations will set their own conditions at the table .
This reconstruction will take place more quickly than what the criminals in Tel Aviv and Washington think .
All this is one thing , but the Palestinian people 's will is something different .
The real victor in this battle is , in fact , the Palestinian people and not the Zionists .
It is thus an illusion for these criminal administrations to imagine that they have triumphed and that they are now in a position to dictate their own conditions on this great people .
The conclusion to which we come is that the Zionist and US administrations have aggravated the Zionist entity 's historical impasse through the crime they have committed together when they had the illusion that " force " can break the Palestinian people 's will and impose on this people what other means failed to impose .
These criminals know this fact , as much as we , the Arabs , do , because they are in direct contact with it .
It is also true that thousands of Palestinians and their leaders are held hostage , and that the entire Palestinian people are now experiencing the utmost suffering as part of their daily lives .
For many reasons , the occupation of Palestinian towns can not last , so the Zionist forces will have to withdraw from these towns sooner or later .
Therefore , the two administrations , from the position of a " victor , " have called for an international or regional peace conference .
They have also announced that President Yasir Arafat is no longer fit for the coming phase .
In addition , it is now more impossible than ever to control the movement of three million Palestinians .
As has been acknowledged by Uri Avneri , a veteran Zionist writer , the intifadah 's structure " exists within millions of Palestinians and also within tens of millions of Arabs in whose chests the fire of anger is blazing . "
The Zionists have succeeded in achieving these things , but a deep-rooted fact is that they have not succeeded , and will never succeed , in breaking the will of this valiant people or in forcing the Palestinians into relinquishing their just , legitimate rights and ending their glorious struggle for these rights .
The Zionist and US administrations have the illusion that they succeeded in defeating the Palestinian people and their valiant intifadah .
As for the towns and refugee camps that have been destroyed , they will soon be reconstructed by the Palestinian people who have skillfully adapted themselves to the most difficult circumstances .
Millions of Arabs , Palestinians and non-Palestinians alike , now have a conviction stronger than before to the effect that it is impossible to achieve " coexistence " with this usurping , occupying , aggressive , and racist entity .
Another deep-rooted fact is that the organizations of the Palestinian resistance still preserve their organizational structure and are also characterized by their superb ability to renew their leaders and replace the ones who fall along the path of martyrdom .
Contrary to the visible scene and to the illusion of Sharon and Bush , this Zionist-US crime has confirmed that the Zionist entity 's historical impasse is constantly aggravating and that " the Arabs ' recognition of this entity 's right to exist " is now more distant than before despite some official Arab " recognitions . "
He added : " If more fighters and martyrdom-seeking ones fall , other fighters and martyrdom-seeking ones will emerge , who are ready to follow in their footsteps . "
This is actually one of the deep-rooted facts .
It is true that the Palestinian towns are now under occupation , that the Palestinian Authority 's institutions have been destroyed , and that Arafat is still besieged at his office as a hostage .
In its warnings and appeals for peace , the United States openly " takes a side " in this conflict , labeling the other side terrorists , similar to those who carried out the attacks on the Twin Towers in New York .
It is worrying that among Powell 's priorities in Beirut were the talks on the activities of the Hezbolah , with an announcement that terrorists might open a new front .
It would be entirely improper if , in its defense of Israel , the United States continues to exert pressure on neighboring Arab countries , such as , Syria and Lebanon , which have been accused of supporting terrorist organizations , such as the Hezbolah .
But the current development of events , that is , the standstill situation , makes it clear that US foreign policy has been put to a very serious test in which the United States needs to discipline its decades-long ally , Israel , and not ruin its relations with the Arabs .
His task was to create " a peaceful environment " in the region currently affected by an unrecognized and undeclared war between Israel and Palestine .
With an average $ 3 billion military aid for Israel and a strong Jewish lobby at home , the Untied States can not play any other role in the Middle East conflict but protector of the Israeli state .
In the same manner Israel asked Arafat to leave Ramallah and Palestine , labeling him a troublemaker and politician incapable of controlling the Palestinian suicide bombers .
The international community received a lot of negative points for the Middle East .
Maybe Joschka Fischer 's plan for suspending Germany 's military aid for Israel , that is , possible EU economic sanctions against Tel Aviv is honorable , but it is a late and disturbingly long-term plan .
In relation to the first ambiguity , Powell 's words definitely can not be taken seriously , considering that precisely Washington is the one that has been practicing a one-sided approach to the events in the Middle East for 18 months now and it was the chief opponent of the positioning of peace troops between the two warring sides .
The man who defeated Iraq in 1991 in only six weeks issued a message , saying that the most he hoped for was something less than a mutual cease-fire agreement .
The impression is that , under US sponsorship , the international community deliberated too long about the violence in the Middle East .
In some circles , these concerns over an alleged new front are seen as an attempt to resolve the smaller Israel-Palestine problem with a bigger one .
The EU 's efforts and US President Bush 's peace initiative through Secretary of State Powell seem like a late resolution , considering that approximately one month ago the Arab countries participating in the summit in Beirut held out an olive branch to Israel through the plan of Saudi Arabia 's heir to the throne , Prince Abdullah , which contained two points : recognition of a Palestinian state [ as published ] in an Arab neighborhood , in return for recognition of the Palestinians ' right to their own country .
The latest round of violence was initiated on the day in September 2000 when Ariel Sharon took it upon himself to provoke his Muslim neighbors by visiting an Islamic religious building .
Sharon , who used to be a colonel and who is directly responsible for the massacre in the Beirut camps Sabra and Shatila , used his return to power as an opportunity to settle the accounts with his years-long enemies .
For example , a new Israeli-Arab war .
Israel did not even have the goodness to look at this plan , demonstrating arrogance toward everything Arab .
The hero of the Gulf War , Colin Powell , did not exactly cover himself in glory in his diplomatic mission to the Middle East as the US president 's envoy .
Powell 's words , " we are working on this plan , " are unclear , because he did not say what the plan is , and Israel 's call for a conference on the Middle East is also unclear .
Europe does not have a united stance on the violence in Ramallah , Nablus , Bethlehem , and the Palestinian refugee camps , despite the clear situation that Israel is the only country in the world that secures its borders by occupying territories of another state .
The Salvadorian president considered that the vote of confidence in the provisional government of Carmona will not have any repercussions in relations between El Salvador and Venezuela , which he described as " totally normal , we are not worried in that sense " .
They criticized Flores for not condemning the rupture of constitutional order in Venezuela .
" There is no international problem , but rather a manipulation of the subject domestically ; and once again I want to ask the FMLN that it does not cause damage to this country .
He explained that " El Salvador took a different position " from that of other Latin American countries because at the present time it presides over the Permanent Council of the OAS .
He added that the Latin American countries decided to invoke the OAS Democratic Charter , which implies the investigation all the steps that brought a country to a particular point , and not just simply to determine " if there were a coup d'etat or not . "
Flores said , in a press conference , that " there is no reason to apologize " to President Chavez , as demanded by Salvadoran opposition parties .
Flores maintained that " this is a position that is not unique to El Salvador ; it is the position of all the European countries , it is the position of the United States ; this is in our view totally reasonable when so little information is available . "
He indicated that the Democratic Charter is a new instrument " and implies that the OAS countries members convene a tribunal " to investigate the case of a country and " decide whether or not to remove it from the international community of which it is part ; " something that " is a tremendously serious process " .
San Salvador , 17 April ( ACAN-EFE ) -- Salvadorian President , Francisco Flores , today defended his declaration of support for the interim Venezuelan Government headed by industrialist Pedro Carmona , indicating that the information that he had at the time was that Hugo Chavez had resigned the Presidency .
It is necessary to be loyal to El Salvador , " Flores concluded .
Asked what repercussions an announced visit to Venezuela-by leaders of the opposition party Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front ( FMLN , left wing ) -would have for his government , Flores said that " my concern is that they may be seeking to cause damage to the country . "
And that in trying to hurt me , it ends up causing damage to the country .
The FMLN condemned last Friday the actions against the government of Chavez and celebrated his return to the power on Sunday .
" Our position is very clear , our position was that the new authorities had to receive a vote of confidence to lead the Venezuelan process back to the democratic path , " he stated .
He added " we understood that if there were a civilian who had committed himself to call for elections he should receive a vote of confidence . "
After taking the Office of Presidency , Chavez has implemented an independent foreign policy and seemed to be not in step with the United States in many respects .
Coup d'etat is an unusual means to seize a country 's political power .
It is an unpopular means because it goes against the tide of the world today .
In the past , whenever a coup occurred in some Latin American countries , there was always a backdrop of US involvement .
Washington , 17 Apr ( Xinhua ) -- A farce of coup d'etat was staged in Venezuela recently .
Since the United States " supports democracy , " then why did Maurer have that meeting with Rincon ?
To the United States , Iraq 's Saddam Regime is a thorn in the eye and flesh which must be removed .
They acknowledged their contacts with leaders of the coalition of opposition factions who took part in the coup , but denied having supported them .
The leader of the coup had no sooner warmed the coveted seat than he had to beat a retreat under pressure upon pressure domestically and internationally .
This maybe a surprise to many people .
In addition , while the United States is disgusted with the Cuban Government under Castro , the Chavez Government has kept a close relationship with the Cuban Government .
The Pentagon spokesperson Clarke went a step further to explain that US Deputy Assistant Defense Secretary [ Rogelio Pardo- ] Maurer for Western Hemisphere Affairs met with Venezuelan Armed Forces Supreme Commander and Inspector General Lucas Rincon in December of last year and made it clear to the latter that the United ! States " supports democracy " and that " we in no way would support any coups or unconstitutional activity . "
The only guideline determining US rejection or support of the government of a [ foreign ] country is whether it follows US baton and whether its domestic and foreign policies are in accord with the US " national interests . "
Why did n't the United States inform Venezuela 's constitutional government of the coup attempt by Rincon and the others ?
Probably this is the major reason why the United States is happy to see a change of government in Venezuela .
The US Government 's first reaction gave much food for thought when it said Venezuela 's constitutional president Chavez " had himself to blame " for the coup .
As the saying goes , when you pull up the turnip , mud comes with it .
Hence one can see that it is not to be surprised that the United States chimed in with the Venezuela 's coup organizers .
According to US news media , that coup in Venezuela had something to do with the United States .
Just as Venezuela restored its constitutional rule and Chavez was returned to power , the New York Times came up with a shocking story : the US Government and senior military officials were in contact with the Venezuelan coup organizers .
Only it was a little too early to get excited .
In recent months , they met with the coup organizers for several times and gave consent to the overthrow of Chavez .
On this matter , " supporting democracy " is but a signboard used by the United States .
By the same token , the coup in Venezuela has incurred widespread condemnation and objection from the international community , including the Latin American states , except the United States .
Take one example .
This is far out of tune with the attitude the United States used to take when a coup occurred in other countries .
An " Action Plan " on how the process should function in coming period and which issues that the process should focus on is foreseen to be accepted at the meeting in which political , economic , social and cultural issues concerning the Mediterranean basin will be discussed .
The deputy stressed the value of the bonds the government will issue for the depositors , asking who would want " certificates of deposit in bankrupt banks " and saying that instead , " however we move forward into the future , there will always be the state 's legal continuity backing the obligation . "
Buenos Aires , 22 April ( Telam ) -- Justicialist Deputy Jose Manuel Diaz Bancalari said today that the IMF " is seeking to create an uncontrollable social situation " with the demands it has made of the government and , on the other hand , he confirmed the PJ [ Justicialist Party ] bloc 's willingness to support approval of the draft law on bonds submitted by the executive branch .
He believes that " in any negotiation there may be someone who tries to impose conditions by cheating " and said that in the case of Argentina , " the cheaters were the IMF , " who " praised the policies ( of the last decade ) and held them up as an example " and now " they can not tell us that they did not know what was going on . "
At the same time , he admitted the political leadership 's " own mistakes " and those of his party in particular , acknowledging the existence of a " certain political vision that is infiltrating Peronism , which is a liberal vision . "
" All the governments are saying that Argentina has to make arrangements first with the IMF before receiving any kind of aid , and they know perfectly well that they are asking us to put 450,000 fellow citizens out of work , and that is only possible with a military government , " he asserted .
Regarding the draft law from the executive branch on swapping bonds for fixed-term deposits , he believes that if the Senate " debates and approves it today " the deputies can " debate the issue tomorrow and pass it , so that on Wednesday [ 24 April ] the financial system would be open . "
" It seems as if they are seeking to create an uncontrollable social situation , " the legislator stated this morning , referring to the demands presented by the IMF to the country for reaching a new agreement that would bring in foreign financing for the government 's accounts .
" I think there must be reasonable things " in the agreement the country reaches with the IMF , Diaz Bancalari said , and then he asserted that " Argentina is a country in which one can do good business , but what they must know is that there is no more room for shady deals . "
Although he confirmed the PJ bloc 's support for the work of President [ Eduardo ] Duhalde , Diaz Bancalari expressed his surprise at " the statements by some government officials in which they want to make it seem that there is no will to discuss it in our circles . "
Analyzing the IMF 's responsibility in the complex crisis the country is experiencing , Diaz Bancalari stated his impression that " the IMF members want more money for themselves , " without admitting " any degree of co-responsibility their managers have had in the things that have happened in Argentina . "
However , he clarified that the willingness to deal quickly with the draft law " does not mean a desire to approve it , because discussing it in the abstract is not very responsible . "
The agreement with Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd ( BSNL ) and Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd ( MTNL ) would also be signed in the next couple of days .
The company , he said , also planned to start offering Internet telephony services in the near future and deploy Voice over Internet Protocol to strengthen its ILD presence .
" The present rate cut of up to 40 percent on peak-time rates is likely to be lowered after Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd ( VSNL ) and the other ILD operators , who are yet to begin services , announce their rates .
He also said that agreements with as many as nine foreign carriers across the globe had already been signed .
NEW DELHI , April 22 -- INTERNATIONAL call charges have finally started tumbling down , with Bharti Telesonic Ltd -- the long-distance arm of the Bharti group offering tariffs that are up to 40 percent lower than the existing rates .
Unlike the STD [ subscriber trunk dialing ] services where a further rate cut may not be feasible , in the international services there is scope for more improvement , " he said .
Interconnect agreements had already been signed with almost all cellular operators .
Although interest in this issue started in the 1980 's , world attention on money laundering intensified following the Sept. 11 attacks in New York and Washington , Shakir , who was addressing the participants , said .
" Our institutions are far away from this money laundering phenomenon and Arab governments have amended banking laws to combat money laundering , " Shakir said .
He said that banks , real estate , construction projects , stock markets , investing in losing companies and gambling are among the favourite targets for money launderers .
" This is likely to have ramifications for the future , with children skipping school , going out onto the streets , and getting mixed up with crime , drugs , and violence .
His words were echoed by Muhammad Zaydan , head of the Kafr Manda Local Council .
Officially , some 23 % of the working population are registered as looking for work , but council officials believe the real figures are much higher .
The forum of Arab council heads is to meet tomorrow to draw up an action campaign aimed at thwarting the plan , part of a package of recommendations put forward by the Treasury for a NIS 13 million cut in government spending .
" Those out of work now , who rely on benefits to support their families , will find themselves in an even worse situation , " he said .
" I remember when the late prime minister Yitzhaq Rabin did away with the discrimination that had existed for years and equalized child benefits regardless of whether parents had served in the army or not , " Zaydan said .
Israeli Arab leaders yesterday pledged to fight a proposed 25 % -30 % cut in National Insurance Institute child benefits for those who have not served in the army or completed national service .
If this move goes through , we will once again feel that we are being discriminated against . "
Khatib , who also chairs the forum of Arab council heads , said the leadership is diametrically opposed to any cutbacks , particularly when those affecting the lower socio-economic strata of society .
We already see that now because of the unemployment situation . "
They maintain that there are many women and young people who have lost their jobs in the last year who are either no longer registered or did not sign as jobless in the first place .
Zaydan said the proposed cut in child benefits would deal a body blow to all those already classed as being below the poverty line .
" We applauded this move because it was not only just , but it made us begin to feel that we , as Arabs , were an integral part of Israeli society .
Shawqi Khatib , chairman of the monitoring committee of the Israeli Arab leadership , said Arabs would be hardest hit if the government approves the cutbacks in child benefits .
Confounding previous forecasts of an economic recovery , the Central Bureau of Statistics today reported that industrial output remained unchanged in February trend data .
The two colonels would not have been acting on their own .
Chavez may be a petty-minded populist who had done great damage to his country 's economy ; but he is also the legitimately elected president of Venezuela .
Yet he throws law , order and legitimacy to the wind when it suits him .
Coup making might have been acceptable during the Cold War .
The White House is said to be embarrassed by the report .
The record is long and to Washington 's eternal discredit : the CIA 's attempts to kill Fidel Castro , its involvement in the coups in Guatemala in 1954 and in Chile in 1973 .
What makes it all the worse at this particular point in time is that it makes a mockery of George Bush 's war against international terrorism .
The whiff of scandal and conspiracy is in the air -- and the American media , ever addicted to conspiracy theories , is not going to let it go .
Apparently not .
A week ago , after Chavez had been reinstated by his supporters , the White House denied any role in the failed military coup , although it admitted that US officials had met Venezuelan opposition leaders beforehand .
If it turns out to be true that the two US colonels were involved in the failed attempt , there can be no other conclusion .
The Clinton era turns out to have been merely an interlude .
It -- and the opposition Democrats , still smarting at his election victory -- will dig for dirt as long it takes .
Americans will want to know who exactly is running their country .
With all the horrific news that has been coming out of the occupied territories recently and now the shocking swing to the extreme right in the French presidential elections with its threat to France 's ethic and religious minorities , virtually no attention has been paid to the reported discovery that two serving US Army officers were involved in the recent failed coup against Venezuela 's president Hugo Chavez .
But they had been told that Chavez , whose friendship with Libya , Iraq and Cuba has angered Washington , should only be replaced by legitimate , constitutional means ; the US would not support a coup .
The story could have devastating consequence for the Bush administration .
This spells serious trouble for Bush .
That must rank as the understatement of the year .
The world , he says , has to be involved in the struggle against those who seek to attack and destroy law and order and legitimate government .
The involvement of US military personnel in the putsch suggests a return to the old days when the CIA would organize coups and assassinations to further US interests .
Even if it finally turns out that the two colonels were operating without the knowledge and approval of the White House , it will be a disaster for Bush .
Any US involvement in the attempt to remove him by force puts Washington firmly on the wrong side of international law .
For the rest of the world , however , the story already confirms the suspicions that the Bush administration is hell-bent on eliminating its enemies by whatever means possible , legal or illegal .
President Clinton had , it was thought , closed the book on such nefarious activities .
They must have been under orders -- orders stretching all the way back to the Oval Office .
It certainly is not any more .
The question now is : Did the White House lie ?
The conspicuous policy of playing games that US officials continue to adopt in their statements proves that the Bush administration is playing the part of a thug who is feared by all and who likes to punish anyone that complains about his behavior .
The return of Chavez following the failed coup attempts that the United States first blessed and then disavowed represented a tough blow to US policy in Latin America , which is also known as America 's backyard .
Of course , she knew who should learn a lesson from this situation , but she was playing games .
National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice stated after Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez triumphantly returned to power at the request of his own people that she hoped Chavez got the message that his people had sent to him , which is that his policies are not useful to the Venezuelan people .
Oddly enough , the peoples that US officials like to speak for are the same ones that suffer from unfair US policies , not to mention that those peoples never gave US politicians the right to speak for them .
It proved that the will of the people is stronger than any force or arrogance of power .
It is worth mentioning that the United States is currently implementing the principle that President George Bush announced following the 11 September attacks , which is that those who are not with him are against him .
Moreover , US officials have developed a habit of speaking for other peoples and their interests .
It is certainly playing games .
For instance , Mr. Bush announced recently that Palestinian President Yasir Arafat has betrayed the hopes of his people .
That is why the coup was planned to overthrow Chavez , who visited Iraq and considered suspending oil exports for one month in protest against the Israeli holocaust against Palestinian civilians .
Overshadowed by the midst of the tragic events taking place in the occupied Palestinian areas , Venezuela 's strong slap on the face of the United States has gone almost unrecognized .
I found the statements made by US officials about the recent developments in Venezuela both ridiculous and odd because they all seemed to be playing games .
It continues to twist the logic of things by turning a blind eye to Israeli murderers and describing Palestinian victims as terrorists .
The United States does not want to learn the lesson .
The fear of lapsing back into the grim years of military dictatorships and revolutionary guerrilla movements has driven virtually all the Latin American countries , with the notable exception of El Salvador , to condemn the overthrow of the constitutional order in Venezuela .
Though some of them did not conceal their criticisms of Hugo Chavez , the member countries of the organization of American States ( OAS ) condemned the coup d'etat and recognized the legitimacy of the elected president .
But the attacks that hit the United States that same day initiated a new era , relegating the defense of democratic principles to a subordinate place behind the priority objective of combating terrorism .
Of course the American Administration had had contacts with the conspirators for several months , but that was in order to advise them to use constitutional methods against Chavez .
From Mexico to Buenos Aires , television viewers saw , on the Spanish CNN and Telemundo channels , the undisguised pleasure displayed by White House spokesman Ari Fleischer and National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice at the announcement of Hugo Chavez 's " resignation , " which he never in fact signed .
From the vantage point of Latin America and the Caribbean , there can be no doubt about the United States ' complicity with the military and civilian authors of the abortive coup d'etat against Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez .
All except El Salvador and the United States , whose representative to the OAS , Roger Noriega , tried for several hours to persuade his opposite numbers that Chavez 's ouster was a good thing for the " hemisphere . "
Following the sudden turnabout and President Chavez 's return to the Miraflores Palace after 48 hours , Washington immediately tried to limit the damage .
His visits to Iraq 's Saddam Husayn and Libya 's Muammar al-Qadhdhafi , his friendship with Cuban leader Fidel Castro , his relations with the Colombian guerrillas , his speeches against " neo-liberal globalization , " and his commitment to a multipolar world already placed him in the Evil camp , even though the Bolivarian Venezuela has never ceased to guarantee oil supplies to United States , of which it is one of the three foremost suppliers .
Beyond Latin America , the establishment of a " friendly " government in Caracas , representing industry and the conservative circles influenced by Opus Dei , also had the advantage for Washington of weakening OPEC , which Hugo Chavez had succeeded in bringing back to life less than two years ago .
Far from condemning that which the United States at no time described as a coup d'etat , President Bush 's spokesman explained that Chavez had indeed brought it on himself and that he bore the responsibility for the " confused events , " having violated human rights .
A former Ambassador to Venezuela , he has never made a secret of his antipathy for Chavez , who he rightly considers the main supporter of the Castro regime .
By some ironical trick of history , it was on 11 September 2001 that the OAS member countries , with the United States represented by Secretary of State Colin Powell , signed a new " democratic charter " envisaging regional defense mechanisms for the constitutional regimes .
Otto Reich , the State Department 's Latin American policy chief , had indeed met with the short-lived " interim president , " boss of bosses Pedro Carmona , but that was in order to urge him not to dissolve the National Assembly .
Fear of Grim Years
Implicated in the Iran-Contra scandal , a secret operation against the Nicaraguan Sandinist regime under the Ronald Reagan presidency , the Cuban-American , Otto Reich , was appointed Undersecretary of State for Latin American Affairs , despite Congress ' opposition .
This apparent change of doctrine on Washington 's part , following some 20 years of demands -- sometimes successful -- for observance of democratic and constitutional order in Latin America , is laden with threats , in a subcontinent which , during the second half of the last century , experienced a succession of coups d'etat , from Guatemala to Chile , via the Dominican Republican and Argentina , fomented or backed by the CIA and the Pentagon .
On top of this , there are the latest press reports of the presence of one or two American officers among the conspirators ...
Latin American analysts and commentators read in the New York Times and the Miami Herald that " subtle and informal messages " of encouragement had been addressed to the conspirators , as was admitted by an unidentified Pentagon official , and that the CIA was not inactive during the months prior to the coup d'etat , as suggested by Stratfor , a newsletter specializing in intelligence matters and published on the Internet .
One of the first decisions by the government that resulted from the coup d'etat was indeed to suspend oil supplies to Cuba .
The same advice was issued by the US Ambassador in Caracas , Charles Shapiro , who rushed to the presidential palace , with his Spanish opposite number , to meet with Pedro Carmona .
But he also took the risk that an obsession -- Fidel Castro 's downfall -- would exert excessive influence on the conduct of relations with his neighbors in the South .
By entrusting the conduct of his Latin American policy to the radical wing of anti-Castro exiles , President George W. Bush satisfied the powerful Cuban-American lobby of Miami , which his brother , Jeb , needs in order to secure his reelection as Governor of Florida .
In the new Manichean world , divided between friends and enemies of the sole superpower , Hugo Chavez was unwise enough to condemn the American bombing raids in Afghanistan .
Shuttleworth agreed that this was essential towards Africa 's rebirth .
" So far , we 've only come to try the Russian food , which was tasty .
South Africans should be looking up smiling when he returns , Shuttleworth replied .
Speaking via a live satellite link from Bloemfontein , the president praised the so-called " Afronaut " for his contribution to science and Africa 's renaissance .
Mbeki expressed South Africa 's pride at Shuttleworth 's efforts , saying they would go a long way towards inspiring young people to take up subjects like engineering , mathematics and science .
" I have never seen anything as beautiful as earth from space .
He said he had seen the most magnificent sunset and sunrise over Africa , at which Mbeki asked him to bring pictures " so that we can know what we look like to you from up there " .
" I have had moments of terror and moments of sheer exhilaration , " he proclaimed .
He also reported that he had started setting up for several scientific experiments he was planning to do on board the ISS .
I can not imagine anything as beautiful as that . " The 28-year-old Internet millionaire said he was sleeping comfortably , and the food was not too bad either .
The president then toasted Shuttleworth with a glass of champagne , saying : " I am sure this will go down in our history as one of those moments where we made quite a leap forward . "
Shuttleworth also expressed his condolences to the family and friends of Safety and Security Minister Steve Tshwete , who died on Friday night , a message Mbeki undertook to convey .
I am sure the American food will be just as good , " Shuttleworth told the president .
Shuttleworth described his journey so far as very exciting , saying the flight had been smooth and everything was going according to plan .
Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov is expected to receive Shaath on 30 April to discuss ways to overcome the current crisis in the Middle East .
Beijing , April 29 ( XINHUA ) -- Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri invited Chinese entrepreneurs to invest in his country at a luncheon was held here Monday in his honor .
Hariri said that trade and exchanges between the two nations were developing , and Lebanon hoped China would become its strategic partner in trade and economy , investment and modern technology exchanges , urging a greater role from entrepreneurs in developing bilateral ties .
He encouraged entrepreneurs from China to invest in Lebanon , and those from Lebanon to seek more cooperation opportunities in China .
Yu Xiaosong , president of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade ( CCPIT ) , said trade between China and Lebanon last year surged 40 percent from the year before , and cooperation in agriculture , infrastructure and contracting projects also recorded great progress .
Why has the United States been picking on Chavez and Bustani all this time ?
Even some major media in the United States have thoroughly unmasked the attitude taken by the US Government towards the cope farce in Venezuela .
Both the White House and the US State Department expressed " satisfaction " over the stepping-down of Hugo Chavez , Venezuela 's constitutional president , and no one " wept over him . "
Although the White House and the Pentagon have denied supporting the oppositions in Venezuela to stage this coup , the world will not be easily fooled as it can judge from the several official statements made by the US Government both before and after the coup .
This reminds one of a witty remark made by US President Franklin Roosevelt in the old days .
This special meeting was initiated by the United States , with only one single goal to fulfill , that is , instigating OPCW member states to vote out Bustani .
When questioned by a reporter " why the United States has supported a certain cold-blooded dictator in Latin America , " Roosevelt gave a vivid reply : This dictator " may be a son of bitch , yet he is our ( the United States ) son of bitch . "
It will not be a " coup " so long as the United States thinks it is not !
As for the recent event in which Jose Bustani , director-general of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons [ OPCW ] , was voted out of office at the organization 's special plenary session , there clearly existed an " American background . "
To the United States , what Bustani wanted to do was even more intolerable , as it would disrupt the US plan of launching a military strike against Iraq .
After Chavez took office as Venezuelan president , he has pursued an independent foreign policy , and has been out of step with the United States in many areas .
It has been reported that the United States had earlier held a secret meeting with a number of countries , promising to pay for their long due OPCW membership fees if they could vote according to the wish of the United States .
When Chavez resumed power , a senior US official in charge of national security commented that " Chavez should reflect on himself , " as " his ship has been sailing towards a wrong direction for far too long . "
At the time when the abortive coup had just taken place , the United States " did not show the slightest sympathy , " still less " the least regret , " for the breaking-off of Venezuela 's democratic system .
On the issue whether the coup farce staged in Venezuela not long ago had an " American background , " the world media have made many reports , comments , and conjectures .
They have pointed out : When will a " coup " not be called a " coup " ?
According to New York Times , the United States is inclined to put friendly faces in the Presidential Palace of Latin American nations , no matter whether or not these faces are wearing army uniforms .
Besides , they also claimed that Chavez " had only himself to blame " for the coup .
In simpler terms , the interests of the United States are always above everything else , not only above the sovereignty of other nations , but also above the so-called values of " democracy " and " human rights " that the US always likes to dwell on .
All these are eyesores to the United States .
As for Bustani , he hoped that Baghdad could become a member of the OPCW so that the United Nations could conduct arms inspections in the country .
During his visits to some OPEC member states in 2000 , he also paid a visit to Baghdad ; meanwhile , he has all along maintained a close relationship with Cuba .
It turns out that in the dictionary used by the United States , the definition of a " democratic regime " is subjected to double standards .
Other than that , nothing will count .
Shuttleworth , 28 , who paid the Russians 20m dollars for his jaunt in space , termed the experience " extraordinary . "
His training in Russia combined with his knowledge of American techniques will put him at an advantage if the role of station commander should open up in the future , he said before his training started .
I 'm ready to go back , " Vittori told Italian general Mario Arpino during a telephone call shortly after the Russian Soyuz space capsule made its touch-down in Kazakhstan .
" It was a tough but gratifying experience .
Russian officials said the three men , including the world 's second space tourist South African millionaire Mark Shuttleworth , were in fine condition .
Claiming that there was " nothing personal " , the NGOs said their concern was based on his defense of the 1987 'Ops Lalang ' where more than 100 people were detained under the ISA [ Internal Security Act ] .
In a related development , Suhakam commissioner Prof Hamdan Adnan told malaysiakini that he was disappointed with the boycott which he described as " unfair " .
" Over the last two years , the state of human rights in Malaysia has deteriorated with increasing numbers of people detained without trial under the Internal Security Act , with blanket police ban on assemblies , with restrictions to the right of free speech and expression and with further restrictive amendments to the election laws , all of which have further denied our democratic space , " he added .
They added that Abu Talib , during his tenure as AG [ attorney general ] , was also instrumental for the impeachment of then Lord President Salleh Abas and five Supreme Court judges in 1988 .
" This clearly undermines the independence of the Commission and will erode public 's confidence on it . "
The NGOs stressed the government has also failed to respect or recognise Suhakam 's recommendations and also lamented the decline of human rights in Malaysia .
" The NGOs note with deep concern that the government has largely ignored Suhakam 's maiden report and its freedom of assembly report .
" When the bill ( Suhakam Act ) was tabled in the parliament , our Foreign Affairs Minister ( Syed Hamid Albar ) promised that this would be a positive development in protecting and promoting human rights in Malaysia .
Ramdas said Suhakam 's performance will be judged not on the number of statements issued or reports produced but on the improvement of human rights in Malaysia .
Instead of resorting to such measures , the commissioner said the NGOs should work with Suhakam for the advancement of human rights in this country .
" We will also note to what extent Suhakam will monitor the government 's compliance with previous recommendations on various human rights issues contained in its maiden report to the Parliament as well as its other reports , " he added .
He added the boycott could create the impression that the NGOs were acting out of self interest and are not honest about championing human rights .
Ramdas said the government 's failure to adhere to the commission 's recommendations creates the impression that Suhakam is nothing but " a mere public relations tool " .
" Our concern is whether persons used to the role of policy implementors can objectively assess and critique executive policies which impinge on human rights , " said Ramdas .
Ramdas said it was perceived that Anuar and Mehrun , instrumental behind the scathing Kesas report , were dropped for performing their duties without fear or favour .
The NGOs also expressed concern over the appointment of five new commissioners which has led to Suhakam being made up mostly of retired civil servants .
" The fact that three commissioners have now been axed is a clear signal to other commissioners that their tenure is dependent on whether or not they have pleased the executive .
The NGOs also noted that the government has yet to show its commitment and respect for universal human rights principles by ratifying the international instruments of human rights , namely the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights and the Covenant Against Torture .
On the other hand , the NGOs said there is nothing in the public records which shows that Abu Talib was committed to protecting civil liberties and advancing human rights .
Meanwhile , another concern raised was Suhakam 's independence following the appointment of former attorney-general Abu Talib Othman as its new chairperson and the decision not to renew the appointments of three commissioners , Anuar Zainal Abidin , Prof Mehrun Siraj and Dr Salleh Mohd Nor .
The Kesas report irked Mahathir after it found the police guilty of using excessive force during a mass anti-government gathering along the Kesas highway on Nov 5 , 2000 .
" Whereas the Kesas report , submitted after a public inquiry , earned the disdain and wrath of the Prime Minister ( Dr Mahathir Mohamad ) who summarily dismissed it as a product of `western biased ' , " he said during a press conference at the Selangor Chinese Assembly Hall in Kuala Lumpur .
" We are now looking at Suhakam as an institution to fulfill this promise , " he stressed .
" This action shows that the NGOs themselves do not acknowledge Suhakam and do not want to work with us , " said Hamdan .
Boycott unfair
" In the meantime , we will monitor the commissioners in the discharge of their statutory duties in respect of the pending complaints and inquires , " he said .
Speaking on behalf of the NGOs , human rights organisation , Hakam president Ramdas Tikamdas said the boycott was to protest the government 's poor response to Suhakam 's numerous recommendations thus far .
However , she refrains from mentioning the elected Israeli leadership , which moved the Israeli army to occupy Palestinian cities , destroy homes over the heads of their owners , arrest thousands of innocent people , and carry out what many legal and international humanitarian circles described as war crimes or bloody massacres to say the least .
No one , no matter who it is , has the right to meddle in the Palestinian domestic affairs or to impose on the Palestinian people a leadership favored by the US Administration and the Israeli Government and tailored according to their mutual interests .
The US legislative branch even outbade the Israeli right wing .
The calls in Washington for democracy , transparency , and corruption-free system are only made to serve US plans , not out of concern about nations ' interests .
Rice is aware of the fact that President Yasir Arafat remained under siege in his headquarters in Ramallah for five months , imposed on him by the superior Israeli military in violation of all the accords that were signed by former Israeli governments and guaranteed by the United States .
The second fact is that if Washington is interested in democratic reforms in order to combat terrorism as it says it is , it should pressure the Israeli leadership to end its occupation of the Palestinian territories and stop its repressive practices against the Palestinian people .
The Congress ' resolutions and the statements made by leaders and members of the Congress revealed the US Administration 's harbored intentions .
However , there are two facts that ought to be highlighted .
The US national security adviser should have called for ending the occupation and dismantling the settlements .
Rice attacks the Palestinian leadership , which was democratically elected , as testified by international observers , including former US presidents .
The legislative branch took part in this oneupmanship by issuing resolutions showing full allegiance to the radical right wing in Israel .
Yet , the Palestinian leadership is denounced and attacked while the Israeli prime minister is praised .
The first is that the current Palestinian leadership represents the Palestinian people 's will , political convictions , and national aspirations .
She knows for certain that this occupation and the settlements , which the Israeli government refuses to remove , represent the only major obstacle to peace .
Even the most radical Israeli hardliners expressed the idea of the transfer more politely than the most senior , elected US bodies , which called on the Palestinians to give up the West Bank and look for what they called another homeland .
The US president described him as a man of peace , thereby prompting the world 's ridicule sometimes and denunciation at other times .
So , why do Rice and the US Administration launch campaigns against , and interfere in the affairs of , the Palestinian leadership ?
The Palestinians did not attack Israeli cities , did not arrest thousands of Israeli citizens , and did not blockade their cities and villages , as was done to the Palestinian people without exception .
It was only natural for US National Security Adviser condoleezza Rice to make statements yesterday after what can be described as a oneupmanship of rudeness was inaugurated in Washington last week .
They served as a crude example of the arrogance of power and attempts to control nations ' resources , dictate policies , and impose leaders through pressure and coercion .
The flagrant attack , which Condoleezza Rice launched on the Palestinian leadership yesterday , demonstrates how international dictatorship is practiced by the most powerful country on earth , which claims to be democratic and an advocate of nations ' right to choose their leaders .
The United States turns a blind eye to these practices , pretending to forget that they violate human rights and are continuously denounced by the international community .
These accords explicitly stipulated that Israeli forces must not enter the Palestinian-controlled areas , which are called Areas A and cover all the Palestinian cities , naturally including Ramallah .
A prominent Israeli official , Shim'on Peres , said when his army moved into the Janin refugee camp : " I am afraid that a massacre may have been committed in the Janin camp . "
Moreover , the aim of these plans is to make the Palestinians yield to the dictates of the Israeli-US alliance , which seeks a mimic resolution to the Palestinian issue , which will perpetuate the occupation and facilitate the expansion of settlements .
For its part , the Palestinian leadership has always sought a just peace , not submission to plans aimed at writing off the Palestinian issue and swallowing the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
Both Washington and Israel must realize that the Palestinian people are intelligent enough to read between the lines and understand the long-term aims behind Condoleezza Rice 's statements .
Rice 's statements came to dot the i 's and cross the t 's .
If Rabbi Kahana were alive , he would have been regarded as a moderate person , compared to the US legislative branch .
Mr. Mugabe acknowledged the country 's agricultural problems last week , declaring a " state of disaster " brought on by drought and sabotage by white farmers .
HARARE -- Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai has accused Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe of deliberately withholding food from some areas of the drought-ravaged country as punishment for not voting the correct way in March 's election .
He also spoke about the support his country 's opposition movement has received from abroad , and his pending trial on treason charges , both issues with Canadian connections .
It 's part of Mugabe 's grand strategy to target the MDC 's supporter base . "
" It is a case of take what you can while you can. "
In the southwestern region of Matabeleland , for example , cases have been reported where people had to go through a " cleansing " routine to purge them of their MDC sympathies before being allowed to buy corn .
But he focused on the violence and hunger that have plagued many Zimbabweans since the controversial presidential election , at least in part a state-orchestrated operation aimed at crushing the opposition , he said .
After a few days , he decides if they can be allowed to buy grain from the GMB . "
" . . . A systematic , strategic program of mass mobilization is necessary to confront a stolen victory and an illegitimate government . "
He said the violence , hunger and economic turmoil are strengthening his country 's appetite for a public campaign for change .
" There is no case to answer . "
The United Nations World Food Program warned last week that as many as 1.5 million Zimbabweans face starvation from the drought , compounded by government-sponsored invasions of white-owned commercial farms that have crippled production of maize and wheat .
The opposition leader commended Canada and other countries for invoking sanctions against Mr. Mugabe 's regime .
" Food is now a major issue , " said Shari Eppel of Amani Trust , a human-rights organization .
He said the situation is worst in southern Zimbabwe , where opposition to ZANU-PF is strongest .
Mr. Tsvangirai , the 50-year-old leader of the Movement for Democratic Change , alleged in an interview that a starvation policy is part of a major campaign of retribution the ruling ZANU-PF has waged against him and his supporters .
" The situation we see now is what I call the Last Supper -- it is ZANU-PF 's final feast , " Mr. Tsvangirai said .
" The international community can support us so far , but it can never remove the shackles of repression , " he said .
He said beneficiaries of the program have included government ministers , MPs , army and police officials -- even Mr. Mugabe 's in-laws .
" This is just the pursuance of a vendetta .
The opposition leader has denied the charge all along , and although he was reluctant to go into depth about a case still before the courts , he did make brief reference to the prosecution 's star witness , Montreal-based consultant and former Israeli intelligence agent Ari Ben-Menashe , who may or may not travel to Zimbabwe for the trial .
Because of restrictions on foreign reporters in Zimbabwe , it was impossible to obtain direct government comment on Mr. Tsvangirai 's allegations .
" According to reports we have received , they are taken to the police to denounce the MDC , then to the war veterans , where they go through a public confession , " Mrs. Eppel said .
" If the prosecution 's key witness is reluctant to testify , how will they proceed ?
" I feel very strongly for these people , " Mr. Tsvangirai said .
The situation has escalated wildly since the election .
Meanwhile , Mr. Tsvangirai alleged , the land-reform plan , nominally launched to resettle one million poor families , is actually putting commercial farms in the hands of presidential cronies and members of the ruling party elite .
" There is no struggle without casualties , but we do n't want to engineer any reckless action , " he cautioned .
Mr. Tsvangirai also touched on his own legal battle with the government : On May 31 , he is to stand trial on a charge of treason , accused of plotting to have Mr. Mugabe assassinated .
" The burden really lies with Zimbabweans to fight peacefully for their own freedom . "
But he said Zimbabwe 's future rests largely with its own people .
Srinagar , May 7 : Thirteen militants , including five top Lashker-e-Toiba men , two Special Police Officers and a girl were killed in militancy related incidents in the state since last evening as security forces arrested a suspected militant and recovered some explosive material from his possession .
Security forces apprehended a suspected militant , Ghulam Hassan , from Nagbal Ganderbal on the outskirts of Srinagar last night .
The slain militants owing allegiance to Lashker-e-Toiba have been identified as Abu Saifullah , Abu Talha and Abu Huraira .
He said the US officials claim as for the countries described as " parts of an axis of evil " are " unfounded " and the US claims in this connection are " sheer lies " .
He strongly criticized the US war-mongering actions and tactics and said the US war-mongering has posed serious threats to the world .
He said the United States is after imposing its expansionists policies under the pretext of the fight against terrorism .
Reacting to the threats launched by the US president George W. Bush against Iran he condemned the United States expansionist policies .
Ivashev further said the United States is after gaining superiority over Russia 's nuclear capabilities and initiating an anti-missile defense system by the United States shows that country 's intentions .
Talking to IRNA , Ivashev expressed regrets over the fact that the people in some parts of the world are indifferent toward the expansionist policies of the United States and do not proceed to condemn them .
US President George W. Bush had in his State of the Union address termed Iran , Iraq and North Korea as " axis of evil " and accused them of attempting to develop weapons of mass destruction .
He said the United States has turned into an axis of evil itself and is ignoring even the resolutions issued by the United Nations .
Moscow , May 8 , IRNA -- Deputy head of the Russian Geopolitical Research Institute Lyonid Ivashev said on Wednesday the United States sees part of an axis of evil any country which does not follow the its policies .
He said there are deep differences between Russia and the United Stats on a range of strategic , political and economic issues .
Ivashev further said Russia is to develop its relations with the Muslim nations as well as China and India .
Jeffrey Sachs , director for the Center for International Development at Harvard University and chairman of the WHO Commission on Macroeconomics and Health , believes developing countries should fully recognize the importance of investing in health in their overall development strategy .
" With an alarming infection growth rate in many Asian Pacific countries , care for AIDS is over-burdening the health care system and is taking away from provision of other health services , " said Sidibe .
In countries such as China and India where AIDS was still at an early phase of the AIDS pandemic , timely control measures were critical to head off an explosive growth in infection , but these demanded heavy expenditure , he said .
However , low-income countries would be able to pay 14 billion U. S. dollars and 21 billion U.S. dollars respectively at best , said Sachs .
" AIDS is casting shadow on Asia 's economic miracle , and is turning into a global crisis , as the region accounts for 60 percent of world 's population , " says Michel Sidibe , Director of the Country and Regional Support Department of UNAIDS .
The WHO 's recommendations for each developing country include increasing investment in health and relevant areas like education , water and agricultural development ; the establishing of a temporary National Commission on Macroeconomics and Health ( NCMH ) , chaired jointly by the Ministers of Health and Finance to organize and lead the medical as well as economic war against AIDS and other diseases .
Shanghai , May 9 ( XINHUA ) -- The spreading AIDS epidemic is threatening Asia 's economic growth , warned officials from the United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) , the World Health Organization and bank delegates at " Investing in Asia 's Health " , an Asian Development Bank ( ADB ) seminar held here Thursday .
In his report , " Macroeconomics and Health : Investing in Health for Economic Development " , released by the WHO last December , Sachs estimated that total annual health outlays in world 's least- developed countries would rise by 17 billion U.S. dollars by 2007 and 29 billion U.S. dollars by 2015 and AIDS prevention and care would account for half the increase .
Sachs also addressed the exacerbating condition of the AIDS pandemic in China , saying that China had the technical ability to control AIDS infection , but still needed a comprehensive strategy , including local surveillance network , increasing government subsidiary and free medicine for the poor .
SRI reported that Swiss Life decided to pull out of the Chinese market earlier this year .
Geneva , May 10 ( XINHUA ) -- The insurer Swiss Life has pulled the plug on its planned expansion in China , preferring to concentrate on its core European markets , according to a report by Swiss Radio International ( SRI ) .
The report said that Chinese mainland was seen as a massive potential market for insurers , who should find it gradually easier to sell their products now that Beijing had joined the World Trade Organization .
He said Somali nationals in Kuwait and Bahrain had expressed their satisfaction and support for the interim Somali government .
The department said that it will cost $ 600 for an HIV/AIDS patient per year at this time , and the following years this cost is expected to stand at just $ 400/year for one patient as the production of such drugs becomes stable .
The government should take urgent measures to prevent and cure HIV and AIDS , he said .
Otherwise , the surging epidemic could turn into " a national security threat , " he said .
Talks between China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) about a free trade area went smoothly , senior officials said yesterday .
Premier Zhu Rongji and ASEAN leaders agreed at the fifth China-ASEAN leaders ' summit in November to set up a free trade area within 10 years .
" We are confident the framework will be ready for Chinese and ASEAN leaders to finalize at their November summit , " said a senior official with the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Co-operation ( MOFTEC ) .
But the official declined to disclose details about their two-day negotiations , saying these are just working level talks and more substantial progress will be made at the China and ASEAN economic ministers ' meeting in September .
Chinese and ASEAN officials said the decision by Chinese and ASEAN leaders to establish a free trade area is a " historic milestone in economic co-operation between China and ASEAN " and " demonstrates strong commitments by China-ASEAN leaders to regional integration and economic globalization as they pursue peace and stability and prosperity in the region . "
The framework is expected to cover a wide range of areas of co-operation in goods , services and investment .
The ambassador passed on an invitation from Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase to Miller to come to Romania on a working visit .
The press service noted that Miller accepted this invitation .
Iliye confirmed the interest of the Romanian government in developing more dynamic and broader cooperation with Gazprom .
He proposed to Gazprom to participate in a tender for the privatization of petrochemical companies in Romania and also to consider that country " as partner for supplies of oil and gas equipment to Russia , " the press release said .
It added that there is growing public interest in space tourism around the world , and that it is now seen as a vehicle for increasing personal popularity .
In the meantime , two Americans , a singer from the boy group NSYNC Lance Bass and former NASA Associate Administrator Lori Garver , are completing medical examinations at the Institute for Biomedical Problems in Moscow to be okayed for a flight .
At a joint news conference in Moscow this month , Interfax was told that both Americans are expected to announce intentions to fly to space .
The al-Qaeda leaders is accused by Washington of masterminding the September 11 suicide aircraft attacks on New York and Washington .
A US Marine spokesman in Kandahar told CNN late on Thursday that the gunfire came from snipers that penetrated the outer perimeter of the base and was not believed to be linked to the transfer of prisoners .
US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld told reporters that major security precautions were being taken in moving the prisoners , including hard-line , anti-Western followers of fugitive guerrilla leader Osama Bin Laden .
It was not known if American John Walker , captured fighting with Bin Laden 's now vanquished protectors the Taliban , would be among those brought to Guantanamo .
Rumsfeld told reporters on Thursday that every effort would be made to secure hardline prisoners , many considered dangerous and possibly suicidal followers of Bin Laden .
" If restraints are necessary , they must be applied humanely , with adequate opportunity for the prisoner to move limbs , use the bathroom and eat and drink , " the group said in a statement .
" I do n't believe that it is going to affect our transfer of detainees because , quite simply , we have adequate security for that . "
They are fully aware that these are dangerous individuals , " he said during a press conference with Australian Defence Minister Robert Hill .
Others confirmed a report in USA Today that consideration was being given to tranquilizing some of the detainees and perhaps even covering their heads with hoods for flights that would take more than 12 hours .
He declined to say when the first prisoners might arrive at facilities surrounded by razor wire at the US Navy Base at Guantanamo Bay .
The Defence Department has not announced any decision on how many of the detainees will be transferred or how many , if any , might face military courts martial authorized by President George W Bush in the wake of the September attacks .
At no time was that aircraft in any danger .
The Pentagon refused to discuss details of the transfer , and Defence Department spokeswoman Victoria Clarke said on Thursday that no announcements would be made until the first detainees arrived at the secluded base , where a high-security , barbed wire-enclosed facility is being built .
Under close scrutiny from civil rights groups , Rumsfeld has been studying how such trials could be held while protecting the rights of any defendants and keeping tight security over the US war on terrorism declared by Bush after the attacks .
'Willing to kill themselves , others ' : " There are among these prisoners people who are perfectly willing to kill themselves and kill other people , " Rumsfeld added .
The human rights advocacy group Amnesty International expressed concern about reports that the prisoners " may be drugged , hooded and shackled , " saying that they must be treated with full respect for international standards .
One of the officials , who asked not to be identified , said that planning called for the prisoners , not yet charged with crimes , to be manacled together and outnumbered by specially trained guards carrying incapacitating stun guns .
In Washington , US defense officials earlier said that unprecedented security -- including chains and possibly sedation and hoods -- might be used in transporting the prisoners , who include members of Bin Laden 's al-Qaeda guerrilla network .
The opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) complained that the set-up was deliberately confusing in a ploy to discourage the urban vote , which is thought to favor Mugabe 's challenger Morgan Tsvangirai .
Tinkering has left voting procedures so confusing in Harare that even Mugabe and his top aides appeared unsure of where the president was to vote .
HARARE-Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe predicted victory Saturday as he cast his ballots in presidential and local elections at a primary school in Harare 's working-class suburb of Highfield .
Mugabe has faced widespread criticism and sanctions from the European Union and the United States over alleged rights violations and manipulation of the election process .
The 78-year-old former guerrilla leader , who has governed since independence in 1980 , took another swipe at the former colonial power Britain and other western nations , which he said have prejudged the vote .
Mugabe was clearly expected to turn up at Mhofu School in Highfield , where state television had a truck posted and had been broadcasting live since polls opened early Saturday .
Asked if he would accept the results of the hotly contested election , Mugabe said : " I will accept it , more than accept it because I will have won . "
" They do n't want the president of Zimbabwe to remain the president of Zimbabwe , " he told reporters outside the school .
Mugabe confident of victory in historic Zimbabwe vote
So those poor bullet-scarred statues made everyone look sad and foolish , and their final immolation a year ago put them out of their misery , so to speak .
But the Taliban commander who aimed that RPG was certainly ascribing human characteristics to a lump of stone .
On both sides of the divide after that gratuitously destructive event , anything went .
Which was most disturbing of all , because such was the very sin that rocket was supposedly intended to expunge .
Even at the time , though , this was a stretch for even the most ardent apologist .
Their prayers are now led by a victorious enemy soldier - what could be worse ?
Which , one supposes , was indeed the motivation of those who blew away those statues to leave two giant holes in the Afghan landscape , in the process paying unthinking tribute to some of the Buddha 's subtlest and most profound teachings on the nature of impermanence and the perils of delusion .
Of all the unconscionable things the Taliban did to Afghan society in the six years of their reign , their demolition of the Buddhas of Bamiyan last March cleaved the rift between civilisations that was rammed wide open by hijacked aircraft over America just six months later , and which the US has since cauterised with the molten metal of its military might .
His clothes probably never looked quite like that - the statues ' fashion sense had been clearly influenced by the Greeks , what with Alexander the Great having passed through on his way to giving up with India .
The veil of compassion was hardly elastic enough to pull over those two great big holes in the earth .
AS Camp X-ray in Cuba 's Guantanamo Bay continues to fill with Muslim militants who had sworn to die rather than be captured , even the little we see of their situation makes it clear they 're in hell .
The suffering of these particular prisoners is , indeed , particularly great .
It 's been almost a year since the Taliban blew up those monumental 1,500-year-old sandstone statues in northcentral Afghanistan , at which time the only way for the rest of us to handle the insult to human sensibilities was to emulate the Gautama Buddha himself , and profess relief .
Those statues probably had n't been a good likeness of him , anyway .
Anxiety arises , however , from the sense that the cultural gulf between these prisoners and their captors is so vast that the latter genuinely do not see how a diet of peanut butter and bagel chips can be considered cruel and inhuman punishment .
That was the moment at which the fabric of compassion tore , and worlds cracked apart ; when the contrast and conflict of civilisational values became so great as to remove any sense of common ground - even on which to do battle .
The United States dismisses such concerns : it 's a prison , after all ; remember the Black Hole of Mazar-iSharif .
Still , it might be doubly difficult for the Afghans among them ever to go back , if the new administration of their home country goes ahead with rebuilding the Buddhas of Bamiyan for their potential as a tourist attraction .
Crouched in their cages in Cuba , they must know that back in Afghanistan TVs are glowing , Bollywood is bellowing , men are shaving , women unveiling and sending their daughters to school .
One can feel sorry for the hapless vanquished now on that limbo rock in the Caribbean , and hope that some might follow the threads of their tortured consciences back out of the labyrinth , having duly met and been eaten by the Minotaur .
As for likenesses , the Buddha said on his deathbed : " All composite things arise and decline .
And so it has come ironically to pass that , one year on , a new Afghan order is dreaming of rebuilding those statues , while what 's left of the Taliban now sits in cells a world away , beardless , bald and clad in saffron .
And did , spectacularly .
Quite a lot , as it happens .
Midweek : Wheel turns with a vengeance for the Taliban
Many in the outside world are disturbed by conditions in " Gitmo " .
Judging by its demeanour , the statue had n't felt a thing .
So he is unlikely to have been enamoured of statues .
Work out your salvation with diligence . "
China releases the report every year in response to a US State Department report on global human rights conditions , which usually accuses China of widespread abuses .
The report also slammed US President George W. Bush 's administration for withdrawing from the Kyoto Protocol on cutting greenhouse gases .
It also accused Washington of " wantonly infringing " on the sovereignty of other nations through military operations and stationing US forces overseas , Xinhua said .
" Once again the United States , assuming the role of `world judge of human rights ' has distorted human rights conditions in many countries and regions in the world , including China , and accused them of human rights violations , all the while turning a blind eye to its own human rights-related problems , " the Chinese report said .
BEIJING - China issued its annual report on human rights in the United States on Monday , accusing Washington of turning a blind eye to abuses in its own land while criticizing other countries for theirs .
China criticizes US human rights report
The Cabinet endorsed for Diet approval a bill for ratification of the Kyoto Protocol as well as a revision bill on measures to fight global warming .
The United States , having pulled out of the Kyoto Protocol , is now objecting to its implementation in 2002 being mentioned as one of the goals for a global environmental agenda being drawn up at the United Nations .
The United States has pulled out of the protocol , which obliges developed countries to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases , and announced in February a voluntary U.S. plan to slow the growth of global warming gasses .
In preparation for ratification , the government has already adopted a framework that would achieve the protocol 's target on greenhouse gas emissions .
U.S. wants Kyoto dropped from U.N. meet agenda
The United States has demanded that wording on bringing the Kyoto Protocol on global warming into effect in 2002 be excluded from the implementation documentation of a global environmental agenda being drawn up at the third session of the preparatory meeting of the U.N. Conference on Environment and Development ( UNCED ) , sources said Thursday .
Furthermore , concerning assistance to island countries , although the U.S. delegation agreed to establish satellite observation systems , it demanded that wording about the impact of global warming be deleted .
The delegation said that a causal relation between unusual climatic phenomena and greenhouse gas emissions has not been proved .
The latest move , a sign that the United States is stiffening in its attitude toward the pact , will likely draw the ire of other countries , including those in the European Union as well as Japan , which want an early implentation of the Kyoto protocol .
Cabinet OK 's ratification draft
The U.S. government delegation , however , demanded that these statements in the chairman 's paper be reworded to say that countries would tackle climate change in line with the schedule agreed upon at COP7 ( the seventh session of COP ) , which mapped out implementation of the Kyoto Protocol at an appropriate time .
The general opinion among other developed countries , however , is that the scientific data is commonly interpreted as linking droughts , floods and rising tides to global warming .
The chairman 's paper stated that the countries will do their best to ensure 1997 Kyoto Protocol is put into effect in 2002 to curb global warming .
" President Bush today has decided that the Geneva Convention will apply to the Taliban detainees but not to the Al Qaeda international terrorists , " Bush spokesman Ari Fleischer told reporters .
A total of 158 captives , whom the Pentagon has refused to classify as prisoners of war , are already being held and interrogated at Guantanamo amid criticism they have not been treated properly under the Geneva Convention .
The move comes after fevered criticism - including from key US allies - stemming from alleged mistreatment of Taliban and Al Qaeda detainees the United States is holding at " Camp X-Ray " in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Flights carrying up to 30 of what the Pentagon calls " detainees " were suspended on Jan 23 by defence secretary Donald Rumsfeld pending expansion of outdoor jail facilities at the American base .
Bush said last week he was willing to consider Saudi Arabia 's request on a case-by-case basis but U.S. officials doubted it would happen any time soon .
WASHINGTON , Feb 7 : The White House on Thursday declared that the Geneva Convention applies to Taliban forces in the Afghanistan phase of the war on terrorism , but not to Osama bin Laden 's Al Qaeda followers .
The official , who asked not to be identified , told newsmen that the first flight of captives in more than two weeks had left Afghanistan late on Wednesday and was to arrive at the isolated prison camp late on Thursday .
And , " Al Qaeda is an international terrorist group and can not be considered a state party to the Geneva Convention .
Saudi officials have said that 100 are from the Gulf kingdom and have demanded they be returned to face justice at home .
None has yet been charged with a crime , but Washington has maintained that the prisoners are being treated humanely .
Geneva Convention applies to Taliban , not Al Qaeda : US
" It will not change their material life on a day-to-day basis : they will continue to be treated well because that 's what the United States does , " said Fleischer , who noted neither group would be granted prisoner of war status .
Its members therefore are not covered , " by the accord , said the spokesman .
" It is our considered view that the election was free and fair and reflects the wishes of the people of Zimbabwe , " Namibia 's observer team said in a statement , adding that the poll was " watertight , without room for rigging " .
The MDC leader said the onus was on " the people " to lead the way , whether passively or not .
The move is almost certain to scupper any hope of the Commonwealth suspending Zimbabwe next week .
" We seek no confrontation with the state because that 's what they want .
In Zimbabwe the leadership of the congress of trade unions is considering calling a two-day general strike to test whether there would be popular support for a longer protest , and various civil rights groups are meeting today to discuss mass civil disobedience .
It 's the biggest election fraud I 've witnessed in my life . "
HARARE : Western countries were left frustrated and impotent after Robert Mugabe formally declared that he had overwhelmingly won Zimbabwe 's presidential election .
The UK foreign secretary , Jack Straw , said : " For months the government of Zimbabwe has conducted a systematic campaign of violence and intimidation , designed to achieve an outcome - power at all costs . "
Apart from the result , the main jolt yesterday was that election observers from South Africa , Nigeria and Namibia effectively endorsed the election .
In the Harare townships where people stood in line for two days to vote in the belief that they were consigning Mugabe to history , angry residents looked to Tsvangirai to confront the government .
" We need Tsvangirai to tell Mugabe he can not steal this election , " said Noel Gukuta , a youthful MDC voter .
The South African team described the election as " legitimate " while the Nigerian observers said they had seen nothing that threatened the integrity of the poll .
" The soldiers have guns so we can not fight him but we can make sure he can not rule us .
The government , sensing murmurs about revolt , put the army on full alert , deployed troops in key townships and the police set up roadblocks on the main roads into Harare to stop and search vehicles for weapons .
" This is a runaway victory , " said the justice minister , Patrick Chinamasa .
" We foresaw electoral fraud but not daylight robbery , " Tsvangirai said .
But the people themselves have to decide what action to take , " he said .
The Commonwealth trio to decide on action next week is made up of Australia , which will back suspension , the South African leader , Thabo Mbeki , and the Nigerian president , Olusegun Obasanjo .
We must strike , we must march , we must show that we are not goats . "
Mugabe victory leaves West in tatters
A senior state department official in Washington later said : " We 're considering further steps , given all the things that happened before and during the elections . "
The country took the news of Mugabe 's victory with no great celebrations or protests .
The extent to which Mugabe outmanoeuvred the west was made clear when southern African countries issued a surprise statement declaring the conduct of the election free and fair .
But there were no illusions in Britain or elsewhere in Europe that the measures will have any real leverage in Harare .
" We find ourselves unable to endorse the purported election of President Robert Mugabe as Zimbabwe 's president in this election .
At the weekend the European Union , prodded by Britain , is planning to extend the range of sanctions against Zimbabwe , targeting more members of the leadership .
" The cause of human rights would be better served if all states , in a spirit of cooperation and understanding address the problems they face in promoting and protecting human rights , " it said .
Despite these developments , the report states " the government 's human rights record remained poor . "
It pointed out that all the goals set at an April 2000 human rights conference had been achieved , which it added had been ignored by the report .
" This is unacceptable and a gross misstatement of the facts .
Recently the system of joint electorates has been introduced respecting the wishes of the minority communities , it said .
ISLAMABAD , March 5 : The government on Tuesday rejected the US State Department Report on human rights as " factually inaccurate and unwarranted " adding that it reflected tendency of some states to sit in judgment on others .
" The reports fails to acknowledge the important policy measures and initiatives by the government of Pakistan to promote and protect human rights , " said a statement issued by Foreign Office spokesman in which the report was termed as factually inaccurate and unwarranted .
The government of Pakistan therefore , feels constrained to reject the assessment of the report about Pakistan , and the tendency of some states to sit in judgment over others . "
US human rights report termed inaccurate
The US has shown no inclination to punish allies it bankrolls such as Egypt and Turkey while berating countries less relevant to it .
I 'm asking specifically about one country .
Craner : We 're getting there .
And when you say we 're talking to the Government of Saudi Arabia , are we talking to them about starting such programs up , or are we just simply mentioning that they have a human rights problem ?
We 've been talking for years with the Saudis .
I 'm a little bit surprised by your glib answer .
Amid widespread domestic criticism over curtailment of civil liberties , US officials laboured to convince a disbelieving press corps that the exercise was evenhanded .
Q : You did n't answer my question .
WASHINGTON : Unprecedented scepticism and scorn accompanied the release by the United States on Monday of its annual human rights report amid charges of hypocrisy and double standards arising from the ongoing war on terrorism .
Critics in the media sharply questioned such duplicity at Monday 's briefing as Lorne Cramer , US Assistant Secretary for Democracy , Human Rights , and Labour , struggled to defend American policy .
US human rights report invites scorn
Q : But what is it -- that does n't answer the question .
Pakistan 's decision to eliminate the requirement that religious minorities be elected separately from the mainstream electoral system .
The human rights report exercise was originally linked to US foreign assistance , but increasingly many countries are taking it less seriously in the face of Washington glossing over the record of its so-called allies .
You talk about what we 're doing tangibly in every other country but Saudi Arabia .
Number one , I disagree that it 's the worst violator .
Craner : I would place Iraq and North Korea and Libya and a couple of other countries into that category .
Craner : We are talking to the Saudi government about how to do that , and we are going to encourage others in the Muslim world , in the Arab world , who are trying to make their societies more democratic .
The report does not look at the state of human rights in the US itself because , in the words of one official , " that would n't be fair . "
Craner : You 'll have to judge by the outcome .
I mean , there 's nothing that 's visible at all to us in the outside world .
The report on India , for instance , is more than 100 pages long and painstakingly lists incidents of rights violation across the country both by the government and terrorist , militant , and subversive groups .
I hope you 're gong to see more of an effect from this administration .
Q : I 'm asking what it is the United States is doing .
Q : But I heard this before .
Washington 's kid glove treatment of its so-called allies such as Saudi Arabia and Pakistan came up for withering scrutiny at a briefing to release the 2001 Country Reports on Human Rights Practices , an annual administrative exercise mandated by the Congress that many feel has increasingly become a meaningless ritual .
Q : Lorne , I want to follow up on Saudi Arabia .
You 'll have to see how we do it differently .
Q : Why ca n't you give us some indication ?
What is it that we are doing in Saudi Arabia to promote that greater voice and greater democratic participation ?
What 's the big secret ?
Craner : And I think I 've outlined that .
We 're talking to them at many levels about these issues in their country .
We 're talking to a lot of people across the Arab and Muslim world about these issues in their countries and about how they can serve as examples to others .
With the demise of the Taliban , there is arguably no government in the world that has as bad a human rights record as Saudi Arabia does .
Craner : Well , yeah , I understand .
What 's different ?
Craner : Because I do n't yet know the effect in Saudi Arabia .
Craner : Can I talk about tangible advances in particular countries ?
While secular and democratic countries such as India merit a litany , a country like Saudi Arabia , one of the least free countries in the world , was turned over in 32 pages .
African leaders closed ranks at the Commonwealth summit out of fear for their own power , he said .
The president promised he would , but the violence has escalated , with dozens killed in February .
Mugabe says he is wide awake for polls
Mugabe described the opposition as " a donkey being controlled by the British , " the former colonial power .
Security forces tortured opponents , ruling party militants abducted people , and police arrested opposition supporters who were themselves the victims of crimes .
Opposition officials said the claim was part of a government smear campaign .
Mugabe said the decision to defer the possible suspension until Commonwealth observers report back on the election was " a victory against Britain 's attempts to introduce a new form of apartheid " to serve Western interests in developing countries .
" The problems of human rights and good governance are mirrored in their countries , " Biti said .
" We are now wide awake , " Mugabe said at a rally Monday .
HARARE , Zimbabwe : A defiant President Robert Mugabe said his party had lost ground to the opposition through complacency , but would win this weekend 's presidential elections anyway , state radio reported on Tuesday .
Foreign governments have pressed Mugabe to restore the rule of law .
The opposition accuses the government of using violence , intimidation and new security laws to cow its voters and to prevent it from effectively campaigning .
" We wo n't let the ( Movement for Democratic Change ) win . "
This is the issue we would want our African brothers to have understood , " he said .
The state-run Herald newspaper , a government mouthpiece , said Tuesday British Prime Minister Tony Blair had showed personal arrogance , an obsession with Mugabe and " the shallowness of his commitment to democracy . "
Our people are being brutalised by fellow black Zimbabweans .
The U.S. State Department released a human rights report on Zimbabwe Monday that accused the government of extrajudicial killings , undermining the independence of the judiciary and waging a " systematic campaign of violence targeting supporters and potential supporters of the opposition . "
The election on Saturday and Sunday presents the strongest-ever challenge to Mugabe 's rule .
Freedom of the press and freedom of assembly were also severely restricted , the report said .
Tsvangirai called the meeting to discuss food shortages gripping Zimbabwe and measures his party was considering to combat them , diplomats said .
In his speech on Monday , Mugabe thanked African leaders for refusing to buckle to pressure to suspend Zimbabwe from the Commonwealth of Britain and its former territories at a summit of the 54-nation grouping in Australia .
Britain , Australia , Canada and New Zealand demanded the suspension of Zimbabwe from the Commonwealth to protest state-sponsored violence and human rights abuses against the opposition .
" It is not a Zimbabwe-Britain crisis .
Tendai Biti , the MDC 's foreign affairs spokesman , said Mugabe was trying to hide his policies of violence and intimidation behind his rift with Britain .
" The Government of Pakistan , therefore , feels constrained to reject the assessment of the report about Pakistan , and the tendency of some states to sit in judgement over others .
He said that the Government of Pakistan remains committed to promoting and protecting human rights and will welcome the assistance of friendly countries towards that end .
ISLAMABAD - Pakistan Tuesday slated US State Department 's country report on human rights situation in Pakistan and labelled it " factually inaccurate and unwarranted . "
The cause of human rights would be better served if all states , in a spirit of cooperation and understanding , address the problems they face in promoting and protecting human rights . "
The spokesman said that despite these developments , the report states `the Govt 's human rights record remained poor ' .
" The report fails to acknowledge the important policy measures and initiatives by the Government of Pakistan to promote and protect human rights , " a Foreign Office spokesman said .
Recently , the system of joint electorates has been introduced respecting the wishes of the minority communities , " the spokesman said .
" This is unacceptable and a gross misstatement of facts , " the spokesman said .
Pakistan rejects US human rights report
The Kyoto Protocol calls on countries to reduce emissions of so-called greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide , which are blamed by many scientists for global warming , to pre-1990 levels by 2012 .
" This is the world 's best chance of dealing with a very serious threat to it , " Prescott told delegates from 65 nations at the Globe 2002 conference in Vancouver that ended on Friday .
Canada 's Environmental Minister , David Anderson , is under pressure from the country 's energy producers to follow the U.S. position .
Ratification could win support at an EU summit later this month in Barcelona , Spain .
VANCOUVER , British Columbia -- The Kyoto Protocol on reducing greenhouse gas emissions must be ratified even without U.S. support , British Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott told an international conference on business and the environment on Friday .
Britain 's Prescott Pushes for Kyoto Pact Backing
Canada is among the countries that have pledged to ratify the accord .
Prescott said that while the U.S. decision to reject the Kyoto agreement is a cause for concern , pressure will be maintained on the Bush administration to go further with its current voluntary emission-reduction targets .
Named for the Japanese city where it was approved , the pact was signed by 84 countries , including the United States and Canada .
Prescott said the British program aims to cut emissions by 20 percent , and the country is now half way to that goal .
A study by the Canadian Manufacturers and Exporters Association said the accord would cost the Canadian economy up to C $ 40 billion by 2010 , but a Dutch report released earlier this week said it would only be C $ 727 million .
Europe 's environment ministers have agreed that all 15 EU nations should adhere to the Kyoto Protocol .
" At the least the difference between some estimates clearly shows a great deal more talking and assessment is needed , " Reuters quoted Prescott as telling the delegates , who represented both business and environmental groups .
Prescott , Britain 's front man in pushing the accord , said the United States until recently was critical of the science that led to the Kyoto pact but has now accepted it , and he remains optimistic that the goals of the United States and of other signatory nations would converge .
The issue has pitted business groups , who claim the accord will hurt the global economy , against environmentalists , who warn of the dire effects from global warming such as higher ocean levels and destruction of various plants and animal species .
Prescott came to Anderson 's support on Friday , agreeing that financial figures quoted by Kyoto opponents in Canada about the potential damage to the Canadian economy were " pure fiction . "
Come to think of it , acquiring weapons of mass destruction per se may not be a correct basis for judging whether a nation is good or evil .
The criteria set by Rice are the following : the three countries in question are repressive and grave human rights violators , and aggressively seeking weapons of mass destruction .
Perhaps the real criterion in this context is whether the nuclear country is democratic in every sense of the word .
PRESIDENT GEORGE Bush 's National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice has recently " defined " the context and scope of the term " axis of evil " that Bush used in his State of the Union address a few weeks ago to describe Iraq , Iran and North Korea .
All other countries which are seemingly refraining from acquiring such weapons are doing so not so much to escape being branded as " evil " but rather because they have neither the knowledge nor the money to join the " nuclear club " .
On this count , the national security adviser may have erred .
One can name more than a dozen countries which are contemplating the acquisition of mass destruction weapons at one speed or another .
Washington seems to be particularly disturbed and feel that its own national security is being threatened only when the nations which acquire mass destruction weapons are authoritarian or repressive , irrespective of the pace of amassing weaponry .
This is , in fact , the fear of all countries , as they feel that democratic regimes are more restrained and responsible when it comes to resorting to weapons of mass destruction .
If this is the case , Rice could have elaborated more precise criteria for membership in the " axis of evil , " by establishing more clearly the connection between the nature of the regime and the acquisition of weapons of mass destruction .
The rule , as far as human rights are concerned , is that every nation which does not enjoy pluralistic democracy is violating human rights and is therefore oppressive .
In other words , countries which are seeking or developing such arsenal at a slow pace do not seem to come within the scope of the " axis of evil " .
By all conservative estimates , there are scores of other countries which can easily qualify as repressive and violating human rights .
As for her wording regarding acquisition of weapons , what is particularly noteworthy is the use of the words " aggressively seeking " nuclear , biological or chemical weapons .
The mere development or possession of mass destruction weapons is not in itself a reason to label a state as evildoer .
There are many countries in the world that hardly qualify as pluralistic democracies .
Amen .
" We live like crap down here with no extra pay or tax break , and we feel that no one up above gives a rat 's ass about us , " a sergeant says .
This time around , they 've already bitten one of the soldiers guarding them and threatened to kill anybody else who gets too close .
However you want to categorize these creeps - who are living a lot better at Club Fed than they ever did in the caves of Tora Bora - Geneva Convention rules are for uniformed soldiers , not for skyjackers who fly commercial planes filled with moms and dads into office buildings manned by civilians operating computers , or for zealots who kill Arab women because they drive a car or do n't cover their faces .
These bleeding hearts claim we 're brutalizing the captives by forcing them to wear orange jumpsuits , sleep on mats , exercise daily , shower frequently and eat special food .
Maybe someday , do-gooders , editors , lawmakers and senior Army leaders will remember our soldiers are human beings with human rights , too , and get their side of the story .
" We are responsible enough to secure the prisoners , but not enough to have a beer . "
Charity should begin at home .
" The detainees sleep on soft mats on a nice surfaced floor while we sleep on cots inside tents with dirt floors .
He says , " I 'm having a lot of trouble concentrating on my job because of the prisoners at Guantanamo . "
" We 've been told to lie to Marine inspectors over standards and requirements .
The Marines are right , the Army 's wrong , and we 're stuck in the middle . "
I 'm personally offended that none of the whistle-blowers seems to give a damn about the welfare or safety of our sons and daughters guarding these thugs .
Their perp pal responsible for the first World Trade Center attack jabbed a sharpened comb into a guard 's eye while he was in the pokey .
Then , with a twinkle in his eyes , he adds : " Are they getting enough sleep , the right diet , enough prayer time ?
They 're not pleased that the brass , the lawmakers and the press are more interested in the well-being of the detainees than the soldiers guarding them , and that they might as well be invisible .
Club Fed And Our Invisible Troops
Think of them as kamikaze killers looking for an edge .
My buddy , a Connecticut cop , finds the protests fascinating .
After all , these are the folks who spent their leisure time back in Afghanistan skinning captives alive - when they were n't playing soccer with their heads .
Al-Qaeda is a terrorist organization , not a state , and its crazies wear street gear and operate disguised as civilians .
" Our officers are more concerned with doing Pentagon damage control concerning the detainees than looking after the troops . "
We have to keep them happy and healthy .
They only want to murder all of us the first chance they get . "
Have you read any stories about the dangers they face ?
" The Red Cross put us in a very dangerous situation with their demands , and sadly our leadership went along with it , " a soldier said .
Had anyone checked , they would have discovered that our U.S. Army Military Police guarding the terrorists think the prisoners are being treated a lot better than they are .
" The Marine general here says we can have a beer when off duty , but our Army leadership is running so scared that it set a no-drinking policy , " says another troop .
The brouhaha created by breast-beating human-rights groups over our military 's treatment of the terrorist scuzz now vacationing at the Pentagon 's recently opened Cuban Club Fed - eagerly aided and abetted by a press too prone to the sensational - is something else .
Have any of our politicians bothered to inspect our kids ' living conditions when they 've jetted into Gitmo to check out the terrorists ' treatment and pick up some tube time ?
Indeed , the evil-doers at Camp X-Ray are getting far better treatment than they deserve - hot showers , a warm Caribbean climate and access to the exact same medical care as the military personnel who live on the base .
The chronic complainers are outraged by , of all things , the treatment of the captured Taliban and al Qaeda terrorists being detained at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
It seems our critics would prefer that the Taliban and al Qaeda terrorists instead stay at the Ritz-Carlton .
They enjoy their own large cell , talking freely with one another , worshiping with a prayer leader , and writing home .
Having had the opportunity to tour Camp X-Ray last week , I offer America 's critics a simple piece of advice : Get a life .
Terrorist thugs at Gitmo do n't deserve their treatment
As I stood just feet away from barbarians who only weeks earlier fired machine guns at American troops , incited bloody prison riots and ambushes and , boasted of plans to kill innocent people , I could not help but feel the grief and anguish of those who lost loved ones on September 11 or during the war in Afghanistan .
They have absurdly criticized as " inhumane " the decision to temporarily place prison suits , handcuffs and blindfolds on the terrorists during transfer to protect the military personnel guarding them .
The type of work that is occurring at Camp X-Ray may prove critical to preventing a new attack .
I have no doubt that , if given the opportunity , any of the detainees would have relished the chance to kill me .
America 's treatment of the Taliban and al Qaeda terrorists at Camp X-Ray is appropriate and , in my opinion , too good for these murderous thugs .
They have been away from home for months , and they serve our nation with dignity and honor .
Already , intelligence gathered from other al Qaeda detainees has uncovered potential plots to attack American embassies , nuclear power plants and public water facilities .
They eat three nutritious meals a day , including halal , cereal and granola bars .
Stretching The Case For Inhumanity
They have even demanded upgraded accommodations , seemingly forgetting that these are the leaders of a worldwide terrorist organization who have repeatedly vowed to kill innocent Americans through war or terror .
President Bush and America deserve appreciation from all corners of the globe for leading the world in the war against terrorism and for making every nation safer .
As I toured Camp X-Ray , I stared into the faces of evil .
There is a greater purpose behind Camp X-Ray than merely detaining these violent enemies of the United States .
Instead of lecturing the United States , our critics may better spend their time reminding others that if terrorists do n't want to be detained at Camp X-Ray , they should join the civilized world .
By way of contrast , the men and women of our military who have the extremely dangerous job of guarding these thugs live in 12-person tents , take cold showers using a hose , and often must cope without the benefits of electricity .
Far from being treated inhumanely , the al Qaeda and the Taliban terrorists are better fed , better clothed and better cared for than they would be if they were still roaming the cold caves of Afghanistan .
Indeed , since their arrival at Camp-X-Ray , some of the terrorists have openly threatened the Marines who guard them and talk anxiously about returning home soon to continue terrorizing the American people .
But after several days of four- and five-hour shifts inside the camp , hearing the prisoners ' requests , he said exchanges have not dipped that deeply into the doctrinal .
A 39-year-old life-long , practicing Muslim , the soft-spoken Bangladesh immigrant is navigating uncharted waters and juggling complicated loyalties -- all while managing an international spotlight he has never experienced before .
" I wish I had more time . "
But instead , he says with surprise , " They all want to speak with me .
" If they do n't trust me with their needs , they do n't get it , " he says , with a sigh .
" I , of course , do n't agree with their cause , " he says , " and neither does the religion , Islam . "
Since then , he has emerged as their advocate , arguing that the U.S. military can safeguard its soldiers while adding a few amenities of everyday Islamic life .
Sometimes he laughs uncomfortably when questioned by journalists .
Sometimes he looks bewildered .
Captives at Camp X-ray are entitled to spiritual solace , he says , even though he does n't accept radical interpretations that have led them to an unorthodox battlefield against the so-called Great Satan , the United States .
It was a question he had expected .
If you 're U.S. Navy Lt. Abuhena Mohammad Saiful-Islam you search for a third way to resolve the clear conflict of interest between the crescent moon pin stuck in your left lapel and the lieutenant 's bars on the right side of your uniform .
His role has a curious juxtaposition , which he sums up simply .
According to the source , the authorities ' dissatisfaction with the contents of the report has been conveyed to US Ambassador Vincent Battle , who returned from Washington on Saturday after participating in a conference of American envoys posted to Arab countries .
The source said the most serious point in the report was an observation that the judiciary was subjected to political pressure , but referring to it as being " independent in principle . "
The report was seen as discrediting Lebanon by portraying the country as being undemocratic or uncivilized and abusing human rights , the source added .
On the other hand , the report praised the role played by the Lebanese press , describing it as containing daily criticism of the government and its practices .
A copy of the report , which criticizes what it described as the weakening of the central government 's prerogatives , has been handed over by the deputy chief of mission at the US Embassy in Awkar , Carol Kalin , to the Foreign Ministry 's acting director-general , Naji Abi Assi .
The report 's reference to intelligence agents ' monitoring the activities of opposition politicians and tapping the phones of certain government leaders " is a serious matter and harms Lebanon 's image as a democratic country , " the source added .
Officials bristle at US human rights report
Local authorities have expressed dissatisfaction - but not surprise - with regard to excerpts about Lebanon in the US State Department 's annual report on human rights , a copy of which has been delivered to the Foreign Ministry .
An official source who described the reaction on Tuesday said the criticism was an annual event and emphasized that it was not directed at human rights in Lebanon only , but covered several other countries in as well .
Last week a delegation from the International Committee of the Red Cross arrived to inspect the camp and offer private recommendations on its operation .
The Geneva Convention does contemplate that some irregular forces captured in battle need not be considered POWs .
The Pentagon has resisted calling the detainees prisoners of war , preferring the terms unlawful combatants or battlefield detainees .
So far , humanitarian groups have been muted in their criticism of the conditions at Guantanamo .
But it 's hard to find a justification for such detention in the Geneva Convention or anywhere else .
The Daily Telegraph , a paper usually so conservative that it makes Pat Buchanan look vegetarian , warned Washington of the need to draw a " distinction between civilized society and the apocalyptic savagery of those who would destroy it . "
In the case of those in Cuba , that has n't happened .
At the heart of the matter is a question of legality .
It 's not going to be a country club , " said Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld last week , describing the new military detention camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and nobody ever expected it would be .
The 110 al-Qaeda and Taliban prisoners admitted to " Gitmo " by the end of last week are , said Rumsfeld , " the hardest of the hard core , " men who had killed " dozens and dozens of people . "
That may well apply to members of al-Qaeda , a free-floating band of terrorists .
That may be so ; unfortunately , as Amnesty International has pointed out , under the Geneva Convention the Pentagon has no business making such a determination .
Washington says no , because the Taliban had no clear chain of command and was not a legitimate government .
It 's easy to see why .
Still , things could be worse .
" This will be a big deal down there for at least two years , guaranteed , " says Army Lieut .
Moreover , by convention ( though the law seems to be murky here ) POWs do n't need to tell their captors anything other than their name , rank , serial number and birthday .
Leaving the prisoners " indefinitely beyond the reach of any legal regime , " said the Economist last week , " would put America -- pre-eminently a nation of laws -- itself outside the law . "
Three detainees are said to have claimed to be British citizens .
Are they POWs ?
Under the Geneva Convention , those holding true POWs are bound to release them at the end of hostilities ; but that is the last thing the U.S. wants to do with men who may be al-Qaeda operatives .
They are provided with a medical exam upon admission , and their diet ( is someone making a point about diversity here ? ) ranges from bagels and cream cheese to rice and beans -- all eaten with plastic utensils -- after which the prisoners may clean their teeth with specially shortened brushes .
Politicians and commentators in London are now clamoring that all held in Gitmo must be guaranteed treatment in accordance with international law .
But for Washington , the whole point of the detention is to conduct interrogations and thus head off new acts of terrorism .
Until the Pentagon sorts out the legal issues , criticism from Europe is likely to grow .
But though it may lack tennis courts and a putting green , the amenities are better than you 'd find in a cave at Tora Bora .
The prisoners may be in Cuba , but nobody has yet forced them to listen to Fidel Castro 's long-winded speeches .
Rumsfeld has laid out four options : a military trial , a trial in U.S. criminal courts , return to their home countries for prosecution , or continued detention " while additional intelligence is gathered . "
Some -- the Pentagon wo n't say how many -- were members of the Taliban and presumably thought they were part of the Afghan army .
More curious still is the matter of the prisoners ' ultimate fate .
( The caution makes sense ; in 2000 Mamdouh Salim , an al-Qaeda operative awaiting trial in New York City for his part in the 1998 embassy bombings , used a comb to stab a prison guard through the eye . )
The last seems a distinct possibility ; the Pentagon plans to build 2,000 cells at Camp X-Ray .
True , prisoners are now confined to 6-ft. by 8-ft. chain-link enclosures with concrete floors and tin roofs ( Rumsfeld thinks it 's " pejorative " to call them cages ) .
Now that really would be cruel .
But in the European press , the prisoners ' lot has become a public issue of contention among those who demand that U.S. conduct be above suspicion .
But relief will come ; in three months , the Pentagon hopes to replace the facility with something more permanent .
BEIJING -- The United States told China U.S. President George W. Bush had made a mistake when he called Taiwan a country in a speech last week , the official Xinhua news agency reported on Sunday .
U.S. Tells China Taiwan Remarks a Mistake - Xinhua
relations , which were set up in 1979 largely based on a U.S. nod to the " One China " Principle , which states that Taiwan is a part of China , Reuters reported .
Beijing , which regards the island as a wayward province to be reunited with the mainland by force if necessary , asked for an explanation on Saturday of why Bush had referred to Taiwan as a country .
Last month an editorial in the official ***China Daily *** newspaper said Beijing felt " betrayed " after a U.S. decision to allow Taiwanese Defense Minister Tang Yiau-Ming into the United States for talks with Defense officials and warned of a setback in Sino-U.S. ties .
The Taiwan issue has often caused rough patches in bilateral ties and U.S. arms sales to Taiwan have angered Beijing .
The English-language ***Taipei Times ***newspaper quoted Bush as saying it was " important to recognize and to welcome both countries , both the Republic of Taiwan , and of course China , into the World Trade Organization . "
Why the meeting was so hidden was not clear , other than to avoid flaunting it in the face of China , which claims sovereignty over Taiwan and protests every American action favoring the island .
Bush Takes Great Leap Forward In Pledging U.S. Help In Defending Taiwan
The most succinct statement of the Bush policy came from Secretary of State Colin Powell during his Senate confirmation hearing in January 2001 : " We expect and demand a peaceful settlement , one acceptable to people on both sides of the Taiwan Strait . "
At the same time , he said the United States would do whatever it takes to help defend Taiwan .
He has cautioned , however , that the United States expected Taiwan to avoid provoking China .
Even so , enough leaked out to illuminate President Bush 's policy , which has been consistent ever since he enunciated it during his campaign for the presidency .
The senior U.S. official at the gathering was Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz , who has written : " It would be a strategic as well as a moral mistake for the United States to ever let China use force to have its way with Taiwan . "
The host of the three-day U.S.-Taiwan Defense Summit was Frank Carlucci , chairman of the U.S.-Taiwan Business Council , onetime deputy director of central intelligence , national security adviser to President Reagan , later secretary of defense and possibly the most secretive official in Washington in many years .
The admiral cautioned , however : " Continued improvements in Taiwan 's capabilities and development of USPACOM ( United States Pacific Command ) capabilities will be necessary to maintain sufficient defense . "
Bush began enunciating his policy on Taiwan in November 1999 , saying that he would honor " our promises to the people of Taiwan " and " we deny the right of Beijing to impose their rule on a free people . "
China 's military threat to Taiwan is not immediate .
Among them , they make every weapon Taiwan could possibly want to fend off the expanding might of China .
After talking with Wolfowitz for two hours , Tang said he had guaranteed that his government would " by no means take any provocative step " toward China .
The critical question : Will the Chinese , noting American military operations in Afghanistan , heed these warnings or will they miscalculate and try to call Bush 's bluff ?
He told an interviewer : " China must know that if circumstances warrant , that we will uphold the spirit of the Taiwan Relations Act . "
The Republican election platform reflected the candidate 's policy : " All issues regarding Taiwan 's future must be resolved peacefully and must be agreeable to the people of Taiwan . "
Whatever decision Bush makes , a defense official said , the Pacific Command is ready " to respond to any potential crisis , including the use of force against Taiwan by China . "
Tang asserted that Taiwan would do no such thing .
In a closed-door meeting in Florida last week , the Bush administration took a great leap forward in its declared policy that Taiwan remain separate from China so long as the people of Taiwan wish , even if that requires U.S. military force .
The TRA , adopted after Carter broke relations with Taiwan , commits the United States to provide defensive arms to Taiwan and to view a threat from China with " grave concern . "
Bush has repeatedly referred to the TRA in a not-so-subtle message to China that the law is the bedrock of his posture on Taiwan .
That Tang was invited was more evidence that Bush has adopted the most pro-Taiwan posture of any president in nearly a quarter century ; his stance differs distinctly from that of President Clinton , who tilted in favor of Beijing .
In March 2001 , the US administration opposed the protocol by saying that it contravenes US economic interests , a decision slammed by European Union countries at the time .
With the signing of the protocol , he said , GCEP hopes to attract more funding to contribute to the international community 's efforts in reducing greenhouse gases , which trap heat in the earth 's atmosphere thus causing climate change .
Other developed countries like Canada have shown reluctance towards signing the Kyoto Protocol , saying it would cut the national GDP by up to 2.5 per cent in 2010 and cause economic damage worth 30 billion Canadian dollars ( $ 19 billion ) .
AMMAN - Jordan said it will sign the Kyoto Protocol , a UN pact on impeding global greenhouse gas emissions , following a recent Cabinet decision , according to Faris Juneidi , director general of the General Corporation for Environment Protection ( GCEP ) .
Instead the US government produced its own alternative climate change strategy aimed at encouraging industries to trim their emissions .
On Monday , the 15 European Union member states agreed to be formally bound to the Kyoto accord , and complete the ratification by June 1 this year .
" Soon , the government will delegate Jordan 's representative to the United Nations , HH Prince Zeid Ben Raad , to sign the protocol , " Juneidi told The Jordan Times on Tuesday , adding that an exact date for signing of the environmental agreement had not been set .
Although developed countries are the world 's main source of large-scale air pollution , Jordan 's decision to sign the protocol is aimed at stressing its " commitment towards the different international conventions , " Juneidi said .
" We do n't hate the sinner , " he says , " but we hate the sin . "
" We do n't go with a preconceived idea that the person is so and so .
Except for an occasional spitting incident or threat , officials say , the prisoners are docile .
That contract , extended indefinitely in 1934 , can be broken only by mutual agreement .
They do n't know where they 're going .
" Shut up !
The last time the Pentagon released pictures of the detainees - on their knees , wearing the goggles , and surrounded by guards - the images created an international uproar .
Base officials suspect that the people already in custody pass the word along to the new arrivals that they will be treated okay .
But I still try to treat them as a patient . "
The sign touts the area 's wildlife - the brown pelican , the Antillean manatee , the bottlenose dolphin , the hawksbill turtle .
The story got international play because it seemed to underscore the fact that tensions between the Americans and the detainees were easing .
" Wish you could be with your family , " one child has written .
" You 're doing good . "
The prisoners are here because the military considers them " hard-core " terrorists - willing to escape , to kill themselves and others .
The growth of the base has left Camp X-Ray surprisingly close to a suburban-style military community of beige , green and yellow houses in subdivisions with names like Caribbean Circle and West Iguana .
While she sees the detainees as patients , she allows that they 're not " regular patients . "
Base officials allowed reporters to record audio and report the landings live via cell phone for the first time since the flights began arriving Jan. 11 .
As the detention camp reaches capacity , reporters are invited to watch the interplay between detainees , guards and doctors .
Some guards do n't want to talk about their views of the prisoners .
" Man , they must be so scared , " says a TV camerawoman watching with an international media pool from about 400 yards away .
Rights groups cried inhumane treatment .
" That 's the hope that they have , that God is their only hope .
" In the beginning , they were very unsure , " says Carrico .
" They have n't said that God has abandoned them , because they know , " he says .
On a hot and windy afternoon , the deep blue waters of the Caribbean serve as the postcard backdrop .
" Walk ! Walk ! " the guards shout .
Another doctor , speaking with a French accent , adds , " Good job , buddy . "
At this moment , I do n't have an answer . "
" A pair of binoculars is helpful . "
And , strangely , they get to write home .
" Michel ! Michel ! " yells a doctor still in her operating clothes .
But with 300 already in custody , and scores in poor health to begin with , they say something is bound to happen .
Most understand a little English , she says .
One soldier handles a captive like a mannequin - moving him back , forward , and to the side - before lifting him straight off his feet and onto one of two waiting buses .
Head down ! "
" The role of chaplain is unique , " Saiful-Islam says .
Once the aircraft is secured , the freak show begins , a sort of " Hannibal the Cannibal " production .
Jerome says the hospital feels no different than a hospital in the states , save for the high security and the various languages the detainees speak , including French , Russian , Urdu and Arabic .
Another child , no more than 3 or 4 , plays on a gym set , with a young woman keeping a watchful eye .
A sign near the ferry slip conveys some of the strange vibe of Guantanamo , a 45-square mile naval base in which the detention camp comprises some 3 acres .
But U.S. Army Capt . Darrell Sides , 30 , of Fort Benning , Ga. , makes no bones about considering them terrorists .
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld denied the allegations , insisting that the detainees have it better here than in Afghanistan .
They refused to allow cameras .
Wearing bright orange wool knit caps , blacked-out goggles , earmuffs , white surgical masks , bright orange jumpsuits , denim jackets , beige mittens ( taped around the wrists ) , handcuffs and ankle shackles , the detainees do n't look natural .
After a 25-hour flight of mostly sitting , the prisoners hobble along as the Marines , who look twice as big , walk them out and frisk them .
While calm has returned to Fleet Hospital 20 , officials elsewhere on the base are bracing for what they say may be inevitable : the death of one of the detainees .
As a chaplain we approach them as a human being .
" It must be freaky , " chimes in her colleague .
Indeed , the patient invited the surgeon for a cup of tea after the operation .
She often finds herself thinking , " Oh , my God , they could be related to this or related to that .
He says that with the start of the Muslim month of pilgrimage , during which the faithful journey to the holy city of Mecca , he detects more anxiety in the camp .
They look like giant bright orange flies .
The staff gives reporters a quick tour of the hospital , allowing photographs of some sections but not of the patients .
Still , it provides a bit of drama .
" Watching wildlife can be a lot of fun , " says the sign .
U.S. Army Capt . Sean Campion , one of the camp guards , characterizes life at Camp X-Ray as " utter boredom . "
It 's not that the U.S. military has a soft spot for the mothers of the Taliban or al-Qaida .
" They did n't know if we were going to take care of them , hurt them or kill them . "
This is done to " provide positive control , " says U.S. Army Col. Terry Carrico , in effect the prison warden .
Base officials are considering a special meal for March 10 .
" The security here I would consider tighter than death row in a prison in the United States . "
LUSAKA -- Zambian President Levy Mwanawasa yesterday hailed the re-election of his Zimbabwean counterpart Robert Mugabe and called on defeated opponent Morgan Tsvangirai to accept the controversial result .
Zambia hails result
" As chairman of the Organisation of African Unity and president of a friendly neighbour , I congratulate President Mugabe on his re-election , " Mwanawasa said .
" I am pleased to learn of the re-election of President Robert Mugabe as president of Zimbabwe , " Mwanawasa said in a statement .
Three of the 10 losing presidential candidates in Zambia 's December 27 vote have petitioned the Supreme Court to nullify the results , charging that Mwanawasa won the election by fraud .
So far , Mr. Chavez appears complicit in the initial wave of killings .
Following the coup , 40 persons , mostly Chavez supporters , were killed while protesting .
This is most unfortunate .
And , while only time will tell if he would voluntarily give up power when his term in 2006 , one thing is certain : A serious investigation of the massacre of April 2002 is certainly called for .
He has also alienated workers at his country 's state-owned oil company , Petroleos de Venezuela , by replacing long-serving professionals with his supporters .
A probe of what transpired should be in the offing .
Interestingly , Mr. Chavez initially rose to power in the 1990s because of the discontent with former President Carlos Andres Perez , who had ordered the military to shoot at crowds in 1989 .
At a time when democracy is losing currency in many countries , particularly Argentina , coups could be potentially destabilizing to the region .
In fact , Mr. Chavez consolidated his power by rewriting the country 's constitution in 1999 .
Mr. Chavez was ousted in a military coup on April 12 after 17 persons were killed during an anti-Chavez protest , apparently by sharpshooters faithful to the president .
He has choked off foreign investment by doubling the royalty payments oil companies must pay to the government and by restricting corporate ownership on some oil projects to 49 percent .
According to taped radio conversations broadcast yesterday in Venezuela on radio and television , Mr. Chavez ordered tanks and troops to surround the presidential palace , as unarmed civilian protesters marched against him on April 11 .
The Venezuelan leader has struck friendships with Cuban , Libyan and Iraqi leaders with great fanfare , and his open defiance of U.S. interests has wooed Venezuelans wary of U.S. power .
Indeed , after all the muscle-flexing , Mr. Chavez has little to offer the Venezuelan people .
Their loved ones were gunned down , first by sympathizers of Mr. Chavez and subsequently by supporters of the short-lived interim government .
" We are happy to collectively have overcome the era of coup d'etats in the region , and when events in Venezuela took on the appearance of a military coup there was a reaction by everyone , " said Brazil 's President Fernando Henrique Cardoso .
Mr. Cardoso 's concerns are quite valid , but he has downplayed some of Mr. Chavez 's more alarming faults .
But there are many grieving Venezuelans who are n't quite at peace .
Mr. Chavez has placed his cronies in every democratic institution , from congress to the courts , and is expected to prevent any honest inquiry .
Given the death toll , Mr. Chavez 's claims seem rather flimsy .
`The election was massively rigged , ' he told a packed press conference .
Violence has claimed at least 33 lives , mostly those of opposition supporters , since the start of the year .
Foreign governments all but dismissed the outcome even before it was announced , threatening to leave Mugabe internationally isolated despite his victory .
Tsvangirai rejected Mugabe 's election victory out of hand .
Observers had warned that should the outcome be seen to have been rigged , violence could explode across the volatile southern African nation .
Mugabe wins poll , amid claims of rigging
`To put it mildly the figures are very odd , with very low turnouts in the cities and massive ones in the rural areas , which is unprecedented in this country , ' he said .
`The election was preceded by months of government-orchestrated violence meant to intimidate voters ( and ) the opposition was repeatedly harassed and prevented from campaigning , ' she said .
Ncube , along with Tsvangirai and four other top party officials , had been accused last month of plotting to assassinate the President .
Even after the polls closed Monday , Mugabe 's government kept up the pressure on the opposition by charging MDC Secretary General Welshman Ncube with high treason , which the party dismissed as a smear tactic .
British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw cited `pretty strong ' evidence that Mugabe has `stolen ' Zimbabwe 's vote , an outcome he said would have `enormous implications for the nature of our relationship with Zimbabwe . '
The influential International Crisis Group ( ICG ) warned that the `risk of major violence erupting is exceedingly high ' if the election was seen to be rigged .
HARARE , March 13 ( AFP ) - Zimbabwe 's long-time ruler Robert Mugabe swept to victory Wednesday in Presidential elections in a vote that challenger Morgan Tsvangirai declared was rigged and unacceptable .
Polling stations in Harare were reduced by 32 per cent in favour of an increase of voting outlets in rural areas , considered Mugabe 's support base .
Turnout across the southern African country was an estimated 66 per cent in an election fraught by violence , intimidation and intense legal wrangling over civic rights and electoral rules .
`We therefore as MDC do not accept this result . '
US State Department spokeswoman Lynn Cassel said : `While we must wait for the final results , it is abundantly clear that this was a seriously flawed election . '
The tumultuous campaign grabbed international headlines and sparked diplomatic rows that landed Mugabe with sanctions from the European Union and the United States .
The MDC , charging that the Mugabe government had followed a deliberate strategy of impeding the urban vote , went to the High Court and won an extra day of voting on Monday , but polls opened several hours late , and only an additional 24,000 votes were cast .
Zimbabwe had ignored its commitment to a free and fair poll .
The US said the election , extending Mugabe 's 22-year rule for another six years , was " fundamentally flawed " .
Information Minister Jonathan Moyo said the result was a blow to British Prime Minister Tony Blair whom Mugabe accuses of sponsoring Tsvangirai .
Norwegian and local observers said thousands of people , mostly in opposition strongholds , had been prevented from voting .
The opposition leader said his Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) would not accept the result .
Several hundred Mugabe supporters danced in celebration and carried mock coffins for Tsvangirai in two Harare townships .
" The election results ... do not reflect the true will of the people of Zimbabwe and are consequently illegitimate , " he said .
South Africa and Nigeria together with Australia comprise a special Commonwealth group given the power to take measures against Zimbabwe if the election is deemed not to have been free and fair .
But observers from South Africa , Namibia and Nigeria all said Mugabe 's re-election was legitimate .
Mugabe 's government dismissed criticism of the election .
Two State Department officials said Washington aimed to impose financial restrictions against any assets in the US held by Mugabe and senior members of his government but could not say when they would take effect .
Mugabe won polls unfairly says West
A deep split appeared between Western nations and African countries monitoring the vote , who closed ranks behind Mugabe , calling the election legitimate .
President Rob-ert Mugabe swept back to power in Zimbabwe yesterday after an election fiercely condemned by local monitors , the opposition and the West but praised by African nations .
The former colonial power Britain said that Mugabe had held on to power through a " systematic campaign of violence and intimidation " .
Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai , easily beaten by the veteran president according to official results , said Mugabe had stolen the vote through violence and intimidation and by preventing hundreds of thousands of people from voting .
The meeting was the first between the two countries since President George Bush unveiled a new US plan calling for voluntary limits on greenhouse gas emissions based on economic growth rather than mandatory targets .
President Bush caused an international outcry when he rejected the 1997 Kyoto protocol on climate change last year , saying it hindered US economic growth .
Japan says it still intends to ratify the Kyoto protocol .
At the start of the meeting , the US said it would promote research and development into climate change .
Unfortunately , some leading African countries like South Africa and Nigeria have compounded the problem by accepting Mugabe 's victory despite earlier assertions that they would not recognize the results of a rigged election .
International observers called the process deeply flawed , and the Bush administration has refused to recognize the declared results .
Zimbabwe 's rigged election
Voters lined up for hours at polling stations , many of them in vain .
That picture changed radically in the mid-1990 's when Mugabe shifted onto a highly destructive course .
Zimbabwe 's recovery will have to wait for his departure .
Mugabe , who led Zimbabwe 's liberation struggle against white minority rule in the late 1970 's , has systematically wrecked his country 's economy and its freedoms to prolong his 22-year-old hold on power .
This campaign has been carried out with help from a small but loyal core of former liberation fighters turned thugs .
Zimbabwe should be an economic beacon , not a basket case .
Thugs and fraud can not keep the 78-year-old Mugabe in power forever .
It is blessed with fertile agricultural land , and during the first dozen years of Mugabe 's rule it was relatively prosperous and free .
The election this week in Zimbabwe was an ugly travesty from which all of southern Africa will suffer .
These steps would be far more effective if they were joined by major African states .
These include explosive political frustration , a swelling tide of desperate refugees and a growing reluctance by foreign companies and donors to invest in the region .
Then the long-serving , increasingly tyrannical president , Robert Mugabe , was declared the winner .
Washington and other Western governments may now strengthen the current mild sanctions against Zimbabwe .
Supporters of the main opposition candidate were intimidated and beaten .
By failing to hold firm they not only damage their diplomatic credibility , but also ignore the consequences for nearby African states of Mugabe 's misrule .
He incited violent land seizures that have taken a disastrous toll on agricultural investment and production and launched a broad assault on journalistic freedom and judicial independence .
There were fears of a violent reaction from Tsvangirai 's supporters , and security forces were put on high alert and police put up road blocks on approach roads to the capital Harare .
Tsvangirai , saying Mugabe has destroyed the economy of the once prosperous nation , accused the president of systematically stealing the election to hide his deep unpopularity with voters , Reuters reported .
New Zealand said on Wednesday it was ready to impose sanctions against Zimbabwe if the commonwealth decided not to suspend the country after the vote .
Mugabe Wins Despite Biased Propaganda
The United States , condemning the reduction of polling stations in opposition urban strongholds , said the election was " seriously flawed " and riddled with irregularities .
Mugabe 's government has dismissed criticism of the poll , which Information Minister Jonathan Moyo called " exemplary " .
TEHRAN -- President Robert Mugabe easily won Zimbabwe 's election on Wednesday despite biased propaganda unleashed against him by some Western countries , accusing him of being unfair towards the opposition .
Australia said it feared violence if voters thought the election had been stolen .
Australia and Britain led an unsuccessful call for commonwealth sanctions against Mugabe before the election .
Western countries queued up to condemn the election in which the 78-year-old president faced his first real challenge .
ZANU-PF election officials also plan to use civil service employees to monitor the vote-counting and bar independent monitors from nonprofit organizations from assisting in such routine tasks as transporting ballot boxes to counting stations .
Many Zimbabweans see this weekend 's election as a contest between immovable forces : a 78-year-old autocrat desperate to remain in power and an opposition party dominated by restless young citizens weary of government corruption , food shortages and unemployment .
HARARE , Zimbabwe Wellington Chinyama sat down in a barber 's chair , unfolded his newspaper and without glancing up asked the young man trimming his hair the question that seems to be on virtually everyone 's mind here : " So Joseph , have you prepared yourself for Zimbabwe 's civil war ? "
State Department officials this week accused Mugabe 's government of numerous human rights violations during the election campaign , an allegation vehemently denied by ZANU-PF officials .
" But if the MDC wins , I believe Mugabe will announce martial law , throw Tsvangirai in jail for plotting to kill him and send the army into the streets . "
Opposition officials say that 22 of their polling agents have been abducted in the past week , and a surge in violent attacks in swing districts could persuade enough opposition supporters to vote for ZANU-PF to ensure Mugabe 's victory .
" It does not take a vivid imagination to envision a scenario on the ground where either rioters or the military take to the streets in the days to come , " an African diplomat said .
Political analysts say the charges may have laid the groundwork for Mugabe to jail Tsvangirai as a last-ditch effort to stay in power should he lose the election .
But that outcome is certainly not a foregone conclusion .
Most disturbing are pronouncements by senior government officials and military leaders that they would not allow this former British colony to be led by Tsvangirai and his political party , the Movement for Democratic Change .
But a surge in political violence and accusations that the governing party changed election laws to rig the vote have fanned widespread concerns among Zimbabweans , election monitors and foreign diplomats that neither political party nor their supporters are prepared to accept the final tally .
As Zimbabweans go to the polls this weekend to re-elect or oust Robert Mugabe , the only leader the country has ever known , the question of who will win the election seems almost secondary to how the loser and his followers will respond .
That charge is based largely on a heavily edited videotape in which Tsvangirai refers to the " elimination " of Mugabe .
Police Commissioner Augustine Chihuri denied the reports .
That could ease pressure on Mugabe to remain in power to avoid prosecution for his government 's attack in the 1980s in Matabeleland , the home of the Ndebele tribe , which at the time posed the most significant threat to his leadership .
" Clearly , Mugabe is doing everything he can to steal this election , " said John Makumbe , a political science professor at the University of Zimbabwe .
Many fear violence after Zimbabwe vote
That , according to foreign diplomats and Tsvangirai supporters , could disenfranchise hundreds of thousands of young opposition supporters who live with their parents .
ZANU-PF officials have told election observers that they intend to increase the number of polling stations in rural areas believed to be their strongholds and reduce the number of stations in urban areas , where there is strong support for the opposition .
In a television interview broadcast the other day , Didymus Mutasa , a spokesman for Mugabe 's ruling ZANU-PF party , said that he and other veterans of the country 's independence war found the prospect of a Tsvangirai government intolerable .
" Under these circumstances , if there were to be a coup , we would support it very definitely . "
In addition , governing party officials have revised election laws and procedures in a manner that could change the outcome of the vote , according to independent election observers .
Government officials last month charged Tsvangirai and two other officials of his party with high treason for allegedly plotting to assassinate Mugabe .
Observers say that could produce long voting lines and discourage some Tsvangirai supporters from casting ballots .
" If Mugabe announces that he has won the election , I think that people will not believe it and will storm the castle , " said Sibongile Mbuyiso , an opposition supporter .
" People have said being ruled by the MDC is being ruled by Ian Smith , " Mutasa said , referring to the prime minister of white-ruled Rhodesia , as the country was known before gaining independence in 1980 .
Taleban and al-Qaeda prisoners flown from Afghanistan to an American naval base in the Caribbean are being held in tough conditions of detention .
" We have no intention of making it comfortable , " Marine Brigadier-General Michael Lehnert told Reuters news agency .
" It was a far more bares bones facility than frankly I expected to see .
The human rights group Amnesty International voiced concern about the " cages " used for accommodation , saying they would " fall below minimum standards for humane treatment " .
International concern
What we are operating is humane treatment , but we 're not offering comfort ' . "
US officials are eager to question the three , who they believe may have vital clues about the whereabouts of Mullah Omar and Osama Bin Laden .
The first group to arrive - 20 prisoners described by US military officials as " the worst elements of al-Qaeda and the Taleban " - wore goggles covered with tape and had their hands tied .
Harsh detention for Afghan prisoners
They say they will be holding the detainees in cells , but really they are cages ...
American officials have named al-Qaeda and Taleban leaders killed or captured as frustration grows that some senior Taleban figures are reportedly slipping through the net .
Jeffrey Kofman , an American journalist who has visited the base , said the facility was " very , very minimal " .
Also on the wanted list are many more of Bin Laden 's top lieutenants who are believed to have evaded capture .
Although Washington continues to pay the rent - set 100 years ago at 2,000 gold coins a year , and now worth about $ 4,000 - Mr Castro refuses to cash the cheques .
The most important is former Justice Minister Mullah Nuruddin Turabi - known to be close to Taleban leader Mullah Omar - former Defence Minister Mullah Ubaidullah and former Industry Minister Mullah Saadudin .
Washington wants military tribunals to try the prisoners , and the cases are expected to be heard outside the US .
" It will be humane . "
The hunt continues for Bin Laden himself and Mullah Omar , who is believed to have escaped by motorbike as thousands of Afghan soldiers closed in on his suspected hideout .
After Fidel Castro led the Communists to power in Cuba in 1959 , then US President Dwight Eisenhower refused to relinquish the base despite strong objections from Havana .
They face intense interrogation by US officials anxious to track down Osama Bin Laden , the alleged mastermind behind the 11 September suicide attacks on New York and Washington .
Members of a movement that tried to prevent women working may be disconcerted to find that some of their guards are women .
'Are they kennels ? '
" One person said : 'Are they kennels ? ' ,
His aides argue that the circumstances were somewhat different : Mexico appeared ready to make reforms but needed time and cash , while Argentina had not heeded repeated warnings that its policies were leading to financial disaster .
And now Washington 's message to Argentina 's new president , Eduardo Duhalde , is straightforward : Come up with a workable plan , and then we will talk .
The critics of Mr. Bush 's decision to pull the plug on aid argue that the I.M.F . and the Bush administration were callous for abandoning an ally at a sensitive moment .
" President Bush never talked about specific steps he expected the Argentine government to take , " said one White House official familiar with Mr. Bush 's periodic calls and letters to Mr. de la R ? d the series of his successors in recent weeks .
Still , Mr. Bush 's reaction to the biggest international economic crisis so far in his presidency is a telling example of a new - and perhaps risky - approach to the kind of national economic bankruptcies that dominated Washington 's dealings with the world 's emerging markets in the late 1990 's .
When Argentina barreled toward a similar default in recent weeks , it was Mr. Bush who had to make the bailout call - and his decision was to let Argentina suffer the consequences of its own economic mismanagement .
But Mr. Bush 's aides have adopted a policy some call " tough love , " meant to reverse the expectation in capitals around the world that if you are big enough , or strategically important , Washington will always find a way to prevent fiscal and political collapse .
And some argue that both the Clinton and Bush administrations should have acted sooner to steer Argentina away from its doomed efforts to defend a 1-to-1 peg of its peso to the dollar .
Argentina has to come up with what works for them , and if we can support it , we will . "
Both the I.M.F . and the United States , the fund 's largest shareholder , have come under some sharp criticism for denying new loans to Argentina after previously approving aid to the country .
The Clinton administration , fearing " economic contagion , " was willing to back loans to teetering governments in Thailand , Indonesia , South Korea and Russia .
Mr. Bush promised just such a policy during his presidential campaign .
Already there is considerable doubt that Argentina will now agree to the kind of hemispheric free-trade agreement that Mr. Bush himself , with Mr. de la R ? his side , said last year was a major goal of his administration .
" It is a different approach , but we needed a different approach , " said John B. Taylor , undersecretary of the Treasury for international affairs .
There is every possibility that Argentina 's new government will abandon the free-market leanings , tight fiscal and banking controls the country embraced with strong International Monetary Fund support over the last decade .
" It 's fair to say , " one senior administration official noted during the last week , " that while we have been clear , we have n't always been consistent . "
Mr. Bush 's approach carries considerable risk .
It is a message that Mr. Bush 's aides said in interviews this week that they hoped would force officials of developing countries and foreign investors to work out their problems without relying as much on huge aid packages from the International Monetary Fund and from Washington , which became commonplace after Mexico .
Both left-wing anti-globalization activists and some conservative economists have argued that the fund became too interventionist during the Clinton years .
WASHINGTON , Jan. 4 - Seven years ago this month , President Bill Clinton 's economic advisers told him Mexico was hours away from economic default and perhaps chaos on the streets .
" I am hopeful that we 're in transition to a world in which countries and lenders learn more about risk , " said Allan H. Meltzer of Carnegie Mellon University , who headed a Congressional panel two years ago that advocated sweeping changes at the I.M.F . and the World Bank .
But administration and I.M.F . officials respond that they aided Argentina for as long as they thought there was a reasonable chance that its political leaders were serious about reform .
But the first time his approach was tested , when Turkey ran into deep trouble last spring , Mr. Bush 's national security aides warned that it was no time to abandon a well-located ally whose government seemed willing to take the medicine the International Monetary Fund prescribed .
In contrast , during the Argentina crisis , Treasury Secretary Paul H. O'Neill was nearly invisible , rarely commenting on the country 's approaching default , or the violent protests that led to the resignation of President Fernando de la R ?
Treasury officials in the Clinton era never shied away from dispensing a steady stream of advice to countries on the condition that they would have to meet to get Western aid .
" You ca n't just keep throwing money at these problems and hope they will go away . "
Officials say Mr. O'Neill supported the decision by the I.M.F . to cut off Argentina 's loans because it had failed to meet the fund 's demands for fiscal restraint .
They pulled the plug , one senior administration official said , " only when it became clear that the collapse was going to happen sooner or later , and there was no use spending billions to get a few more weeks before the inevitable happened . "
That allowed investors to make reckless bets on the assumption that lending agencies would rescue them when things went wrong .
" We want to follow a policy that does not bail out bondholders and improves the market over all . "
Mr. Clinton ordered an unpopular multibillion-dollar bailout , over the objections of Congress , but with the support of a prominent Republican governor , George W. Bush of Texas .
Some longtime critics of the fund applauded the Bush administration 's stance .
The hard line on Argentina , White House and Treasury officials say , was calculated to send the message that under the Bush administration , the United States would be a reluctant financial firefighter and that the markets should not bet on a bailout .
" But the I.M.F . and both the Clinton and Bush administrations let them stay in denial .
Even the harshest critics of the I.M.F . put most of the blame for Argentina 's current plight on a succession of governments in Buenos Aires .
Michael Mussa , the I.M.F . 's chief economist until last spring , said the fund was justified in providing aid to Argentina late last year .
These criticisms , even if contradictory , increase pressure on the I.M.F . and the Bush administration to articulate a clear policy toward financial rescue efforts , which often come under fire even when they are judged successful .
Argentina , however , was determined to pay its debts in full and keep its fixed currency in place , fulfilling what it viewed as a promise to its citizens and creditors who had been told for years that pesos were as good as dollars .
The chances of contagion are now viewed as minimal .
It is always a tough call to cut off aid , Mr. Calomiris said .
When Argentina 's crisis worsened in recent weeks , Bush administration officials did not take a firm position , allowing the I.M.F . to make the call on withholding additional loans , people involved in the fund 's deliberations said .
But many say the monetary fund should have called government officials to account sooner .
WASHINGTON , Dec. 21 - The deadly riots in Argentina , the collapse of its government and another multibillion dollar bailout gone awry have raised fresh questions about the effectiveness of the International Monetary Fund and the financial policies of the United States , the fund 's leading shareholder .
But he argued that by delaying , the fund helped Argentina dig itself into a deeper hole .
But he said that he disagreed with the decision by the fund and the Bush administration to continue the aid program in August , when he said the situation in Argentina had likely deteriorated beyond repair .
Others say the fund made the opposite mistake , repeatedly offering loans to Argentina despite indications that the country 's policies had become unworkable , delaying the day of reckoning .
Backed by both the Clinton and Bush administrations , the I.M.F . twice came to the rescue , beginning late last year .
The difficulty , of course , is that such calls are much easier to make in hindsight .
It outlined strict fiscal policies that it claimed would allow it to meet its obligations .
Treasury Secretary Paul H. O'Neill came into office publicly denouncing multibillion dollar bailouts , saying that either they fail outright or they allow foreign governments to get away with bad policymaking and investors to get away with bad bets .
Peru 's finance minister , Pedro Pablo Kuczynski , complained today that the fund bungled its dealings with Argentina by adopting inconsistent policies that were at turns passive and inflexible .
" If Argentina got its core economic policies right , it would have avoided this problem , " said Charles Calomiris , a finance and economics professor at Columbia University who has been sounding the alarm about Argentina for months .
They all wanted the problem to fall on someone else 's watch . "
Argentina 's Chaos Raises New Doubts on Monetary Fund
Latin American and European government leaders today joined protesters in Buenos Aires , Wall Street traders and financial experts in putting at least part of the blame for Argentina 's problems on the lending agency and the Clinton and Bush administrations .
Argentina adopted a strict fixed- currency regime and overhauled its banks in the early 1990 's .
The terms of the aid program were wrenching .
But subsequent governments allowed spending to grow out of control , building up a foreign debt that became impossible to maintain .
" The fund made a mistake in not saying no in August , " Mr. Mussa said .
" The fund is partly to blame for this because the fund did not sound the alarm in time and then took a very hard line when things were incredibly difficult , " he told Peruvian radio .
Mr. Mussa acknowledged that even when the political and economic situation in Argentina was more stable , a move to delay debt payments or devalue the currency ran the risk of rattling financial markets and even causing a financial implosion in the region .
The fund decided to suspend aid for a program that appeared to have little chance of success .
He has also backed two large rescue packages for Turkey , a strategic ally that has faced tough financial problems .
Though there were unique elements , Argentina 's demise seems certain to add to the doubts about the wisdom of bailouts , doubts that have grown in recent years .
" If you do not show leadership and make it happen early , then you face a catastrophe , " he said .
At an August meeting at I.M.F . headquarters , fund officials told Domingo Cavallo , Argentina 's economy minister , that the country would be better off delaying debt payments .
Moreover , it is difficult to place blame for Argentina 's economic program squarely on the fund when much of the policy was designed by Argentina itself , sometimes over the objections of the fund 's economists .
In contrast , by watching Argentina wrestle with its finances over a period of months , financial markets anticipated the possibility of a default .
In practice , however , the Bush administration has yet to take a clear stance on such bailouts and has made international financial policy a low priority .
It tamed inflation and became , for a spell , a glowing economic success story .
The government agreed to slash spending during a deep recession to increase the chances of making debt payments on schedule .
" The situation might have been more controllable then . "
The French , who like the United States are significant fund shareholders , have called on the lending agency to step up its involvement to help Argentina recover .
After some hand-wringing about jeopardizing the money of American " plumbers and carpenters , " Mr. O'Neill supported a multibillion loan for Argentina in August .
But by December , as Mr. Cavallo resorted to freezing bank accounts and raiding pension funds to find enough hard currency to make debt payments , collapse looked imminent .
The government beseeched the I.M.F . for help to stay solvent as it tried to work through its problems .
The idea was to help the country defend its fixed currency , which had become a political touchstone , while avoiding default on $ 132 billion in foreign debt , allowing it to continue good relations with foreign investors .
The lesson of Argentina , they say , is that they need to find a way to say no before the people they are supposed to be helping take to the streets .
Hubert Vedrine , the French foreign minister , assailed the I.M.F . for abandoning a longtime client and imposing " demands that have been excessive or at the wrong time . "
Some say the monetary fund showed callousness by failing to give new aid to Argentina early this month , as the country 's economic program , designed with I.M.F . approval , was forcing painful austerity measures on its citizens .
That approach has failed for a decade now , since the president 's father set up the first voluntary program . "
Bush Plan Expected to Slow , Not Halt , Gas Emission Rise
But environmental groups sharply criticized this kind of yardstick , saying that it merely reflects an existing trend toward using energy more efficiently and adding that as long as the economy grows , this would not result in emissions reductions .
Last night , administration officials called the voluntary approach on climate the most reasonable path for the time being .
The one thing the climate policy would not do is require anything of anybody , sticking with the position Mr. Bush has held for more than a year on the climate issue : that firm limits on the so-called greenhouse gases would drag down the economy .
Japan , which has avoided criticizing the administration over its rejection of the treaty , has been eager for a sign that Mr. Bush is concerned about the issue .
Alluding to the date of the speech , Jennifer Morgan , the climate policy director for the World Wildlife Fund , called it " a valentine to the coal and oil industry that will allow emissions to increase without any time frame , eternally . "
" If we 're not making progress toward our goal , " he said , " we will be considering a full range of programs . "
In contrast to proposals by environmentalists and many Democrats , however , the plan would delay such cuts until 2010 or later .
President Bush is set to announce a plan today calling for voluntary measures to slow but not halt the growth in emissions of heat-trapping gases linked to global warming , White House officials said last night .
Philip E. Clapp , president of the National Environmental Trust , a private lobbying group , criticized this approach , saying : " The president 's global warming proposal appears to be another faith-based initiative : we should have faith that major corporations will line up to volunteer cuts in their carbon pollution .
White House officials said this could prompt industries to change behavior , the same way similar reporting requirements instituted in the late 1980 's resulted in big cuts in releases of toxic chemicals .
" What looks like voluntary will actually be coercive , " Mr. Ebell said .
" It may not be what everyone wants , but it recognizes that the Senate is going to deal with climate on its power plant bill . "
And Myron Ebell , a climate policy expert at the Competitive Enterprise Institute , a private group whose free- market views are frequently embraced by industry , criticized the idea from the opposite ideological direction .
As hints of the emerging plan circulated in e-mail messages by environmental groups and conservative groups , it appeared that no one was particularly pleased .
An official at an energy company that had been pressing the White House to revise power plant rules said the best news was that there was something finally on the table to discuss .
The climate proposal is Mr. Bush 's response to the Kyoto Protocol , the 1997 treaty accepted but not yet ratified by all other large industrialized countries , which would require cuts in such emissions by 2010 to well below their 1990 levels .
The president is leaving for Asia on Saturday and has been under pressure to present a climate plan before visiting Japan .
In the face of lobbying from coal companies and utilities , Mr. Bush abandoned a campaign pledge last March to control the four plant emissions together and has shown no signs of reconsidering that idea .
Mr. Bush rejected the treaty last March , calling its targets arbitrary , its schedule too costly to meet and its terms , which are not easily applied in large developing countries , unfair .
Several experts on the treaty said that his decision to make the announcement now was very likely influenced by this situation .
The administration 's approach , he plans to say , is based " on the common-sense idea that sustainable economic growth is the key to environmental progress - because it is growth that provides the resources for investment in clean technologies , " according to an advance text .
Some environmental groups criticized this kind of checkup , saying it puts off any measuring of progress until well after Mr. Bush is out of office .
It would use $ 4.6 billion in tax credits over the next five years to encourage companies and individuals to limit those emissions .
A senior administration official did say , however , that if insufficient progress was being made by 2012 , there could be a move toward some kind of limits .
" At least they 're coming out with something , " the official said .
There would be no similar limits on power plants ' emissions of carbon dioxide , the main greenhouse gas .
On another emissions issue unrelated to climate , aides said Mr. Bush would call today for mandatory restrictions on three other kinds of pollutants from power plants : mercury , sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides .
No . Would it be stupid to do anything else ?
" If you want to think the worst about things , you can , " he said .
" I have n't found a single scrap of any kind of information that suggests that anyone has been treated anything other than humanely . "
" I am telling you what I believe in every inch of my body to be the truth , and I have spent a lot of time on secure video with the people down there , " he told reporters , referring to the United States naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , where 158 prisoners from the war in Afghanistan are being jailed .
Rumsfeld Defends U.S . Treatment of Detainees in Cuba
Yes . "
There is no explanation for the delay . "
Bill Nash , a retired Army major general and senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , said this amounted to " imposing on them a psychological sense of isolation , domination and futility , and trying to establish the conditions by which you can then reward them for information , as oppose to punish them . "
" These people are committed terrorists , " he said .
Mr. Rumsfeld said it was " probably unfortunate " that the photographs were released , at least without an explanation .
Asked what benefit the United States gets by not classifying the captives as prisoners of war , Mr. Rumsfeld said , " I do n't know enough of the legal technicalities to answer your question .
Spanish Foreign Minister Josep Pique said the Spanish government " does not have the slightest doubt regarding the position of the U.S . government . "
The International Committee of the Red Cross , in a rare break with its code of not publicly criticizing detaining governments , said the United States might have violated Geneva Convention rules against making a spectacle of prisoners by distributing the pictures , which were published worldwide .
Javier Solana , the European Union foreign policy chief , said that despite the Sept. 11 atrocities , " changing our values and our way of life would be terrorism 's first victory . "
The Netherlands also urged Washington to recognize the detainees as prisoners of war , saying , " In the fight , we need to uphold our norms and values . "
But he argued that whenever prisoners , especially those who are dangerous and suicidal , are transported , it only makes sense to lock them in restraints .
He spoke at a hearing on a petition filed on Sunday by a group of lawyers , clerics and professors who demand that the detainees be identified , taken before a court and told of the charges against them .
Is it inhumane to do that ?
The warden at Camp X-Ray , Col. Terry Carrico , said he was determined at all times to maintain what he called " positive control " over the prisoners .
While debate raged elsewhere , Britain and Spain supported the United States .
In Los Angeles , a federal district judge questioned today whether he had the authority to consider a challenge to the detention of the prisoners in Cuba .
And yet , officials at Guantanamo have said that no interrogation has taken place on the base and that the prisoners do not have lawyers .
It is not clear why the United States has not officially designated the detainees as prisoners of war , especially since Mr. Rumsfeld said they are essentially being treated as such .
" We are keeping them off the street and out of the airlines and out of nuclear power plants and out of ports across this country and across other countries . "
" The United States has to get moving on screening these people and determining whether or not they 're P.O.W . 's .
" Keeping prisoners incommunicado , sensory deprivation , the use of unnecessary restraint and the humiliation of people through tactics such as shaving them are all classic techniques employed to break the spirit of individuals ahead of interrogation , " the organization said .
It was prompted by a rising tide of international criticism after the Defense Department released photographs over the weekend that showed some of the prisoners kneeling before their captors , their legs in shackles , their hands bound in manacles , their mouths covered by surgical masks and their eyes blinded by large goggles with black tape .
" They 're in legal limbo , " said Michael F. Noone , professor of military law at Catholic University .
You bet .
Mr. Rumsfeld said one of the complicating factors was that the Geneva Conventions give protection to prisoners from countries but not from terrorist organizations , like Al Qaeda , to which some of the prisoners apparently belong .
" To give standing under a Geneva Convention to a terrorist organization that 's not a country is something that I think some of the lawyers who did not drop out of law school as I did worry about as a precedent , " he said .
Mr. Rumsfeld spoke in an unusual briefing that stretched over an hour in an attempt , he said , to " tap down some of this hyperbole . "
Amnesty International sought access to the prisoners in Guantanamo and said they should be allowed to have lawyers .
I know that the process of gathering the intelligence information has not been concluded . "
WASHINGTON , Jan. 22 - Frustrated by an international outcry over the American treatment of prisoners in Cuba , Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld defended the United States ' conduct at length today and dismissed the criticism as breathless armchair hyperbole .
Mr. Rumsfeld said the Pentagon 's clear priority with the prisoners was to extract information from them to prevent future attacks .
Several governments joined the chorus , saying the prisoners should be granted prisoner of war status under the Geneva Convention .
Critics said the United States was using sensory deprivation and other psychological control techniques to weaken the prisoners so that interrogations would be more fruitful .
" I have grave doubts about whether I have jurisdiction , " said the judge , A. Howard Matz .
His comments came as criticism swelled from abroad .
Bush Criticized for Treating Detainees InhumanelyAs more inmates joined the hunger strike , some of them reportedly chanted rhythmically on Thursday .
The sources argued that it was against the rules of the prison because the turban could be used to conceal a weapon .
It recently bowed to international pressure to grant the Taliban prisoners the status of prisoner of war but still refused to cover al Qaeda prisoners with the same treatment .
The Bush administration has been under international criticism for not treating the detainees humanely .
We are concerned about the events , " White House spokesman Ari Fleischer told reporters at a regular news briefing .
Argentine President Fernando De la Rua declared a national state of siege Wednesday night and ordered additional security forces into the streets to control violence that left at least six people dead and hundreds wounded or arrested .
" Argentina is a valued ally and friend , and the United States is monitoring developments in Argentina .
It was Argentina 's worst unrest in a decade .
The move avoids an open rift between its majority members in Africa and Asia , some of which have tended to side with Mr. Mugabe , and rich , white-ruled countries like Britain , Canada and Australia , which have criticized him .
Yet it adds one more voice to those labeling Mr. Mugabe a pariah and increasing pressure on him to seek reconciliation , possibly through new elections .
The suspension was accompanied by suggestions for easing Zimbabwe 's drastic food shortages and economic decline .
If the Commonwealth had not suspended Zimbabwe - an act Mr. Howard saw as " at the severe end " of available punishments - such criticism would only have sharpened .
The unusual step was meant to punish President Robert Mugabe for his stewardship of elections this month that were widely criticized outside Africa as rigged .
The response to Mr. Mugabe 's behavior was seen by many outsiders as a token of South Africa 's and Nigeria 's own commitment to democracy as a way of fostering economic renewal .
Yet many African politicians , including Morgan Tsvangirai , the Zimbabwe opposition leader defeated in the election , had expressed doubt that the Commonwealth would take any action at all .
It means Zimbabwean officials will be barred from meetings held by the Commonwealth , an organization that carries some cachet as an important club bridging the north-south divide .
For all its critics say it is ineffective , the Commonwealth has nonetheless sought to project itself as an arbiter of democratic legitimacy among often delinquent members .
Angry at Vote , Commonwealth Bars Zimbabwe
At a meeting in Monterrey , Mexico , for instance , the financier George Soros said today that the Zimbabwe elections " have cast doubt on the ability of the African states to create suitable conditions for private investment . "
The two African leaders , Thabo Mbeki of South Africa and Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria , maintained a cryptic silence while Mr. Howard spoke , endorsing the decision by their presence at a news conference but avoiding embroilment in a debate over whether they now view Mr. Mugabe 's presidency as illegitimate .
" The committee has decided to suspend Zimbabwe from the councils of the Commonwealth for a period of one year with immediate effect , " Mr. Howard said , reading the statement alone , apparently as a face-saving gesture to Mr. Mbeki , whose own election observers in Zimbabwe found the vote " legitimate . "
Mr. Mbeki and Mr. Obasanjo - both of whose countries have under past undemocratic regimes been excluded from the Commonwealth - are torn between solidarity with a fellow African leader who was a crusader against colonialism , and their commitment to democratic standards as part of African economic regeneration .
The Commonwealth also supported moves to resolve the country 's violent crisis over the seizure of white farmers ' land , backing Mr. Mugabe in his commitment to redistribute territory among landless black Zimbabweans .
The opprobrium spread further today when Switzerland became the latest country to impose sanctions on Zimbabwe , " in view of the manipulation of the presidential elections and ongoing human rights violations , " the Swiss government said .
The decision , made at the headquarters in Marlborough House , has left two of the men facing an acute dilemma .
The suspension was decided by the three men , who met as a committee charged with deciding the Commomwealth 's response .
This was apparently intended to keep the door open to dialogue .
Argentina , with widening budget deficits , is heavily indebted to foreign lenders and is battling to prevent more defaults .
Mr. de la R ? ruling Alianza coalition of centrists and Social Democrats fractured , and his cabinet became a revolving door of officials and constantly changing economic policies .
During an emergency meeting of the cabinet on Wednesday , ministers debated whether to openly confront Governor Ruckauf with charges of treason .
Mr. de la R ? eclared a state of siege for 30 days on Wednesday , giving him the right to suspend such Constitutional rights as freedom of assembly and speech , and giving him free rein to arrest at will .
Most opposition party leaders have called for the devaluation of the peso and suspension of payment on the country 's debts .
The resignation letter , which was delivered to Congress late in the day , followed violent food riots and protests here and in several cities .
When that call was rebuffed , Mr. de la R ? ld his closest aides that he had no choice but to tape a televised resignation address .
" I believe the economy can be stabilized and grow during a transition government , " said Governor Adolfo Rodr ? ez Saa of San Luis Province , an influential member of the opposition .
Whoever takes power is expected to face the same tough choices that defeated the indecisive Mr. de la R ? aced with recession and declining exports , some Wall Street analysts have predicted that Argentina will devalue its currency by unhinging the peso from its unusual one-for- one link to the dollar .
The violence today followed looting and rioting in 11 of Argentina 's 24 provinces on Wednesday , and much damage to private businesses , especially food stores .
Now Mr. Ruckauf is considered a major presidential contender .
While such a move would lower prices and spur growth by making the country 's goods more attractive , it could also prove ruinous to millions of borrowers and to the nation 's banking system because most loans in the country are repayable in dollars , not pesos .
The president had made a last- ditch effort to form a unity government today with the leading opposition party , but when that was rejected , he announced he would leave .
Other losers could well be Argentine businesses that owe dollar debts abroad but collect revenue in pesos at home .
Mr. de la R ? government collapsed with surprising rapidity , as the police fired shotguns at demonstrators in front of his palace , tear gas seeped into presidential offices and fires filled the grand boulevards and avenues of Buenos Aires with towers of black smoke .
He said " history will judge " how Mr. de la R ? administration would be seen .
In an attempt to save his government , Mr. de la R ? 4 , went on national television on Wednesday night and apologized to the people for their disappointment in his administration 's performance .
BUENOS AIRES , Dec. 20 - President Fernando de la R ? signed today , halfway through his four-year term , swamped by violent protests and looting that erupted when his government failed to reverse a deepening economic crisis .
They are also suggesting that business and consumer loans that are now valued in dollars be revalued into new peso amounts that would reduce the overall debt .
But Congress can change that , and how it will play its hand will be largely left to opposition leaders , including a former president , Carlos Sa ? nem , and Senator Eduardo Duhalde , who lost to Mr. de la R ? the 1999 elections .
After a series of budget cuts and a patchwork of economic programs , the country lacks a coherent economic and monetary strategy , and has no consensus as to what should be done .
Ram ? uerta , the president of the Senate , is to become Argentina 's provisional president for at least 48 hours while the Congress decides how to prepare for new elections , which are likely sometime next year .
Defiant crowds chanted " assassins , assassins , assassins , " making the scenes of anarchy reminiscent of the turbulent days of military rule from 1976 to 1983 .
Argentine Leader Quits as Economy Begins a Free Fall
The losers would be bank lenders because the loans would not be fully repaid .
Mr. Gallo told reporters , " the president wanted to avoid more suffering . "
Cabinet officials on Wednesday publicly accused the Buenos Aires governor , Carlos Ruckauf , a former vice president and one of the most powerful leaders of the opposition , of instigating the looting to overthrow the government .
But Mr. de la R ? sitated , and instead declared a state of siege , which failed to bring peace .
He called on the opposition party , known as the Justicialist party , " to participate in a national unity government in which they can bring in their ideas and programs . "
" It 's been a very sad day , " he added .
The text of the speech said the resignation was to " assure the peace . "
Some aides to Mr. de la R ? gued that the federal government should seize Governor Ruckauf 's Buenos Aires provincial police force in order to control the rioting that surged in the working-class neighborhoods that surround the capital city .
But his assumption of emergency powers appeared only to incite greater protests , beginning with an outpouring of thousands of people Wednesday night onto the streets of Buenos Aires , banging pots and pans and demanding Mr. de la R ? resignation .
As soon as Nicolas Gallo , a senior personal aide to Mr. de la R ? old reporters late this afternoon that the president had decided to resign , the streets began to calm .
The lower loan amounts would benefit individuals whose income is expected to decline by 30 percent to 50 percent in a peso devaluation .
At least five demonstrators were killed today , bringing the death toll to 21 since the protests began early Wednesday .
Domestic creditors already agreed , under some duress , to swap roughly $ 40 billion in obligations for new loans .
During the last few months , political infighting has eroded the government 's ability to adhere to the zero-deficit rule favored by the I.M.F . and promised by Mr. Cavallo .
The controls were a sign of the financial pressures on Argentina , according to Vincent Truglia , an analyst at Moody 's ( news/quote ) .
In discussing his decision , Mr. Marx suggested that it was time for someone else to oversee the government 's negotiations with its creditors .
His technical knowledge and strong relations with Argentina 's foreign creditors won him considerable respect at home and abroad .
Depositors who worried that the peso 's fixed one-to-one exchange rate with the dollar was about to be broken by a devaluation , despite Mr. Cavallo 's insistence to the contrary , were withdrawing dollars from bank accounts .
The appointment of Mr. Kiguel to succeed Mr. Marx may be seen as a way to bring the Justicialists into Mr. De La Rua 's ruling coalition , forming a sort of national unity government to address the economy .
Mr. Marx declined to say in an interview whether he had favored imposing the restrictions .
The International Monetary Fund decided last week to delay the release of $ 1.3 billion in aid , which is needed to cover a budget shortfall .
In the last few weeks , working with the economy minister , Domingo Cavallo , Mr. Marx had been trying to persuade Argentina 's foreign creditors to accept lower interest rates on existing debts .
" They were indicative of the very difficult situation that the country was in and continues to be in , " he said .
A sudden , widespread drop in deposits threatened to choke economic activity and worsen the country 's financial troubles .
The uncertainty of Argentina 's precarious financial situation deepened yesterday when Daniel Marx , the finance secretary , resigned .
Mr. Marx is known for favoring market-based rather than regulatory solutions to economic problems , a reputation shared by Julio Dreizzen , who resigned as finance undersecretary on Oct. 29 , citing personal reasons .
There was no doubt , however , that Mr. Marx 's job had recently become tougher .
Mr. Marx 's departure may pave the way for Miguel Kiguel , an economist from the Justicialist opposition party , to join Mr. Cavallo 's team .
The strikers were protesting federal budget cuts and restrictions on withdrawals from bank accounts .
" It 's a cycle , " he said .
" I agreed to continue to work on the national debt issues for Argentina , " he said .
Mr. Marx stepped down as Argentina paid $ 700 million in short-term debt owed to local banks by forcing pension funds to buy government bonds .
Tuesday , April 9 : Venezuela 's largest trade union joins a strike by managers at the country 's massive state-run oil company , demanding the resignation of a new board of directors appointed by President Hugo Chavez .
- Thousands of Chavez supporters march towards the Presidential palace .
- Business leader Pedro Carmona replaces Chavez as the new President , dissolves the National Assembly , dismisses the Supreme Court , revokes 49 controversial Chavez decrees and announces Presidential elections in one year .
Friday , April 12 : Army commander General Efrain Vazquez announces that Chavez wants to resign .
He then calls for peace , calm , and `the unity of the country . '
- Chavez orders a suspension of broadcasts by private television networks opposed to him .
The government urges supporters to back Chavez .
Saturday , April 13 : In Washington , the Organization of American States says it is prepared to apply against Venezuela a charter requiring sanctions for any member that abandons democracy .
Thursday , April 11 : Some 50,000 people , including business and union leaders , mass to demand Chavez 's resignation .
Cabello promises to restore constitutional order .
- The commander of Venezuela 's paratrooper brigade - Chavez 's old unit - refuses to recognise orders of the interim government .
- Pro-Chavez rioting breaks out in Caracas and other parts of country .
- A group of 10 top military officials declare their opposition to Chavez .
- Top military leaders say their support of Carmona is conditional upon his respecting democratic institutions and allowing Chavez to leave Venezuela freely .
Wednesday , April 10 : Union leaders extend the strike for 24 hours because of what they call Chavez 's `aggressive ' and `intolerant ' response to their demands .
- Latin American leaders meeting in Costa Rica for a trade summit denounce Venezuela 's breakdown of constitutional order .
U.S. President Bush said Wednesday that flaws in Zimbabwe 's election will prevent the United States from recognizing the government 's claim that incumbent Robert Mugabe was the winner .
Bush told a news conference that the United States is consulting with other countries to decide how " to deal with this flawed election . "
U.S. officials said the administration may freeze assets of Zimbabwean officials involved in the alleged rigging of the democratic process .
U.S. Refuses to Recognize Mugabe Government
Mr. Rumsfeld declined to discuss details about the growing American involvement in the Philippines , where Abu Sayyaf guerrillas have been battling government troops in the southern island of Basilan .
Pentagon officials said some prisoners might also be sedated during the more-than-20-hour flight , but it was not clear whether that had happened .
Senior military officials have said they are increasingly concerned that there are other equally sophisticated and well-fortified underground complexes elsewhere in Afghanistan that could become guerrilla bases for remnants of the Taliban and Al Qaeda forces .
" Today more than ever we also owe those in uniform the resources they need to maintain a very high state of readiness , " Mr. Bush said .
They used to rely upon the fact that they thought we were soft .
" There 's no question that we believe that if they could clear the Abu Sayyaf group out of Basilan Island , that would be a small blow against the extended Al Qaeda network , " Mr. Wolfowitz said .
Though the American forces are expected to be involved initially in advising and training Filipino counterterrorist units , senior American military officials have said they could become involved in direct military action if the Philippine government requested it .
Amnesty International issued a statement today saying that sedating prisoners or shackling them for an entire flight would violate international standards prohibiting " cruel , inhuman or degrading " treatment .
The Pentagon provided few details about the flight , but senior military officials said more than 40 specially trained military police officers guarded the prisoners on the flight , which was expected to make one stop before reaching Cuba , possibly as early as Friday morning .
A Pentagon official said earlier this week that the United States did not consider the detainees prisoners of war , but that they were still being afforded the protections under the Geneva Convention guidelines .
I do n't think they think that way anymore . "
But earlier this week , Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul D. Wolfowitz said that American Special Operations forces might become involved in " direct support of Philippine military operations , " though he added that the government seemed " anxious " to do the job itself .
But he defended the use of strong measures , saying the Pentagon had closely studied violent uprisings by Taliban and Al Qaeda prisoners held in the northern Afghan city of Mazar- i-Sharif and in Pakistan .
" Our enemies rely upon surprise and deception .
Mr. Rumsfeld said today that he did not know how the prisoners would be restrained during the flight .
No one was injured and the identify of the snipers remained unknown tonight , military officials said .
In November , President Bush promised to give the Philippines a $ 100 million antiterrorism aid package that would include weapons , training and shared intelligence .
Looking tired but blithesome after more than a month of daily election campaigns throughout the southern African country , Mugabe cast his vote in a weekend presidential poll , in which he is facing a serious challenge from his main rival Tsvangirai .
But that ambition would be fully tested at the ballot box this weekend .
However , the program has drawn sharp international rebuke , particularly from former colonial power Britain , but Mugabe has vowed to press ahead with the reforms .
The controversial land reform is the pillar of Mugabe 's electoral strategy , which political analysts say could work either way .
In Mugabe 's view , the March election is a new chapter in his long struggle against colonial rule , which he led from the early 1960s until the country 's independence .
He told journalists after casting his ballot that he was more than confident of winning the election .
The MDC party has accused Mugabe of using violence and other electoral manipulation to rig the poll .
Mugabe even talked about his desire to keep safeguarding Zimbabwe 's sovereignty and land in spirit when he dies , a dream which the veteran leader said forced him to sacrifice a bright teaching career in the 1950s to lead his compatriots out of colonial rule .
Mugabe Predicts Victory in Zimbabwe 's Election
Zimbabwe 's incumbent President Robert Mugabe Saturday predicted victory in the country 's two- horse presidential race , saying that he will accept the outcome of the election because he will have defeated Morgan Tsvangirai of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) .
While defying international pressure to back down from his controversial land reforms , Mugabe has said he needs a new six- year mandate to complete the reforms .
" I will accept the results more than anything because I will have won , " said Mugabe .
The European Union imposed sanctions on Mugabe and 19 of his close associates last month , while the United States took the same move , accusing Mugabe of violating human rights and cracking down on the opposition , the media and judiciary .
" We have to deliver and safeguard the most important heritage to the young generation - land - which was taken from our forefathers by force , " he told a recent rally .
He said those who thought the election process would be rigged were supporters of the MDC party , adding that they were prejudging and wanted to direct the process .
The proposal is criticized by environmentalists as ineffective for solving global warming and warn that under the plan U.S. greenhouse gas emissions will continue to rise .
Bush repeated his rejection of the 1997 Kyoto Protocol aimed atcurbing global warming , and pushed for the alternative he announced last week .
" Both the economy and the environment can be improved together .
" It is for the U.S. to decide whether to take part in the protocol or not , but I hope we will continue with our efforts so we can move in the same direction , " said Koizumi , who supports theKyoto Protocol .
The U.S. president announced an alternative proposal last week , calling for voluntary limits on greenhouse gas emissions by companies in accordance with economic growth instead of mandatory reduction targets presented in the Kyoto pact .
Bush rejected the Kyoto pact last March , saying that it would hurt U.S. economic growth .
We 'd like to see further efforts on the part of the U.S. , " the Japanese leader added .
Koizumi , meanwhile , called the new U.S. plan " a very constructive proposal , " but asked for more efforts from the UnitedStates .
Japan and the U.S. can cooperate over the development of new technologies in the field and that such technologies will help notonly the environment but also economic development , they agreed .
Japan , U.S . Differ Over Global Warming Issues
In Monday 's summit talks , Bush and Koizumi agreed to cooperate together with other countries , including developing nations , on the issue of global warming .
Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and visiting U.S. President George W. Bush differed over the Kyoto Protocol and how to prevent global warming but agreed to cooperate on that issue .
On a more dangerous level , it may provide fodder to Taiwan 's military forces and play into the hands of Taiwan separatist extremists .
In most cases , those who sow the wind will reap a whirlwind .
Taiwan Caucus a US Provocation : Commentary
Most congressional caucuses are issue-based or for particular racial groups but this one will be devoted solely to Taiwan , an inalienable part of China .
Helping Taiwan build its military muscle will only foment pro-independence forces .
" President Bush reaffirmed the US promises to all Taiwanese and repeatedly declared he would abide by the Taiwan Relations Act - to provide Taiwan with the necessary protection against Beijing , " Chen was quoted by the Taipei Times as saying .
Last Wednesday when receiving a special delegation from the US House of Representatives , Chen said that the strong support of the US Congress - which led to US arms sales to Taiwan in April last year - ensured a balanced cross-Straits military situation and peace in the Taiwan Straits .
Since the latest remarks and events may give these forces the impression that the United States is on their side and ready to provide military protection , they may become provocative enough to push the island to the edge .
The robust military build-up may not bring the so-called balance but menace instead cross-Straits peace and stability .
One of the group 's goals is to promote US military ties with Taiwan .
Such a provocative move will obviously overshadow the renewed Sino-US relations .
It seems that this so-called military balance is what Taiwan leader Chen Shui-bian wants .
This comes at a time when there have been conspicuous signs of ever-increasing US-Taiwan military ties .
On April 9 , the 23rd anniversary of the United States ' troublemaking Taiwan Relations Act , the US Congress is due to unveil a 70-member Taiwan caucus .
American officials praised the Venezuelan military and the police for defying Mr. Chavez , as well as television stations and other media outlets that continued to function despite government orders to shut down .
In a phone conversation Friday morning , just before he fell from power , he told her , " I am a jailed president , " she said .
Mr. Carmona named new ministers , including two active-duty military officers who rebelled against Mr. Chavez on Thursday night .
It was a sudden end to the turbulent three-year reign of a mercurial strongman elected on promises to distance his country from the United States while uprooting Venezuela 's old social order .
Mr. Chavez , 47 , a firebrand populist who had said he would remake Venezuela to benefit the poor , was obligated to resign in a meeting with three military officers about 3 a.m. today after large street protests on Thursday in which at least 14 people were killed by gunmen identified as his supporters .
Mr. Chavez had fired Mr. Lameda in February and appointed a left-leaning ally in his place along with five board members close to his government , enraging thousands of office workers at the company .
" We wish to express our solidarity with the Venezuelan people and look forward to working with all democratic forces in Venezuela to ensure the full exercise of democratic rights , " said Philip T. Reeker , a State Department spokesman .
President Fidel Castro and Mr. Chavez had formed a close friendship .
In addition , the interim government repealed 49 economic laws passed by the Chavez-controlled National Assembly last year , legislation that business leaders feared would damage the economy .
Security forces , meanwhile , searched the homes of members of the Bolivarian Circles , neighborhood groups that were formed by Mr. Chavez 's government and that were accused by the interim government of responsibility in the shootings .
" Chavez was right about the problems he saw in Venezuela .
He promised that the new government would adhere to " a pluralistic vision , democratic , civil and ensuring the implementation of the law , the state of law . "
" Venezuelan society has reached a consensus to find a way forward , a way that necessitated a transitional government that guarantees the reestablishment of democracy , " Mr. Carmona told reporters
" The goal for his successors is to effectively tackle the pressing socio-economic issues that brought Chavez to power with so much popular support , " said Russell Crandall , a Latin America specialist at Davidson College in North Carolina .
Mr. Carmona said that the transitional government was being formed with " the consensus of civil society and also from the military . "
A former army paratrooper who won office in 1998 , Mr. Chavez presided over a stormy era when he seized control of the legislature , confronted the old-line political elite and steered the country into an alliance with Cuba .
Cuba called the change-over a coup and urged other countries to distance themselves from the new government .
El Universal , a leading newspaper here , hailed the end with these words , " It 's over ! "
While pledging to hold presidential elections within 365 days , officials said that Mr. Carmona , who had been a leader in the protest movement against Mr. Chavez , will not be able to run .
President Vicente Fox of Mexico took a strong stand , saying his country would not recognize Venezuela 's new government until elections were held .
The attorney general , Isa ? Rodr ? ez , also said Mr. Chavez had not resigned , but was forced out by military officers .
Mr. Chavez 's daughter , Mar ? Gabriela , speaking in an interview on state television in Cuba , said that her father had not resigned .
Officials portrayed the ouster as a victory for democracy , even though Mr. Chavez was a legitimately elected president .
He promised that they would receive government benefits .
Mr. Carmona said that " justice must be done " for the families of those killed .
He was wrong about the solutions and the Venezuelan people made that very clear . "
The Bush administration laid the blame for Mr. Chavez 's overthrow firmly with the ousted leader .
" We know that the action encouraged by the Chavez government provoked this crisis , " said Ari Fleischer , the White House spokesman .
However , Latin American leaders at a summit meeting in Costa Rica criticized Mr. Chavez 's ouster as an " interruption of the constitutional order . "
Among Mr. Carmona 's most pressing tasks now will be to assuage concerns in other countries about how Mr. Chavez 's reign ended and deal with the polarization between rich and poor that divides this country , analysts familiar with Venezuela said .
The Chavez government , he added , suppressed a peaceful demonstration and fired on unarmed protesters .
He spoke flanked by military officers who had rebelled against Mr. Chavez on Thursday night , the third day of a general strike called by his opponents .
For now , the government focused on clearing up the events leading to the violence of Thursday afternoon , remembering the fallen and searching for those who were responsible .
It had been crippled when office and production workers began staging work slowdowns last week in protest .
For starters , there 's a wariness among economists that an expected 30 to 40 percent devaluation could spark a return to the chaotic days of the late 1980s , when 5,000-percent inflation was rampant .
Argentina braces for currency fall
But that 's exactly what Duhalde most lacks .
But some analysts are concerned that Duhalde will follow it up with a return to the protectionism and failed policies that dominated the country 's economy for half of this past century , until ex-President Carlos Menem changed course last decade and ushered in an era of stability .
Already , everything from bread to computer parts has been marked up by as much as 20 percent in anticipation of the devaluation .
" He 's not just steering the economy into disaster , but he 's breaking fundamental concepts like right to savings and the rule of law , " says Abel Viglione , senior economist at local think tank Fiel .
Instead of blaming globalization , most Argentines point to corrupt politicians and indifferent institutions for precipitating the current crisis .
But at a time when the country is desperate for investment and international aid to prevent an economic crisis from exploding further , it is unclear how far Duhalde could actually turn back the clock even if he wanted to .
But few expect the government 's plan for reviving the country 's moribund economy to elicit much support abroad .
" No matter what economic policy is in place , that sort of trust takes several years , if not an entire generation , to rebuild . "
For such an ambitious economic program to work requires a strong leader with popular support to implement it .
A weekend poll by Aresco consultancy showed 52 percent of Argentines " highly " in favor of Duhalde 's stated economic plans and another 34 percent giving him " medium " approval - an indication of public confidence .
Although he 's so far successfully rallied the country 's political class behind him , Duhalde , a former vice president to Menem and two-time governor of Buenos Aires province , has been dogged by allegations of corruption throughout his career .
Otherwise , the country 's cash-strapped banks , which are being forced to accept lesser-valued pesos for loans made almost entirely in dollars , will collapse .
The party , founded by Gen. Juan Domingo Peron in the 1940s , has long dominated Argentine politics , thanks to a deft mix of populist policies , nationalist rhetoric , and political patronage .
" They want to hold us hostage and force us to buy goods that can be bought cheaper and better quality imported . "
Despite widespread fatigue caused by successive austerity drives , such as limiting bank withdrawals to $ 1,000 per month , the overwhelming majority of Argentines still prefer the stability of the current economic model - despite its many shortcomings - to the disorder of a closed economy .
Surveys show that more than 70 percent of the public opposes any changes to convertibility , as the currency regime is known .
Duhalde 's embrace of the past can be partly explained by the nature of the Peronists themselves , whom Argentine literary giant Jorge Luis Borges once referred to as neither good nor bad , just incorrigible .
But now a different variety of nostalgia appears to be emerging .
His reputation as an old-style party boss was behind his defeat at the polls in 1999 , when he posted the worst showing ever by a Peronist presidential candidate .
The man whom some economists say is leading the step backward in time is the country 's new president , Eduardo Duhalde , Argentina 's fifth in two weeks .
To contain inflation and fill an expected $ 11 billion budget deficit this year , government officials say a rescue package of at least $ 15 billion is needed from the IMF and other lenders .
In fact , quite the contrary .
It was approved overwhelmingly by the lower house of Congress late Saturday and was expected to be passed by the Senate yesterday .
Everyone from the International Monetary Fund in Washington to the traditional protectionists in Buenos Aires thought devaluation was necessary , if painful .
The government is also taking heat for its plans to violate privatization contracts signed a decade ago and unilaterally lower the rates mostly foreign-owned utilities can charge for public services like water and gas .
Even before its faltering economy produced an epic-sized default , and the country was thrust into its worst crisis since democracy was restored in 1983 , Argentines were obsessed with their past triumphs .
" Those who want to devalue are shameless , " says Maria Estevez , a schoolteacher who earns $ 600 a month .
Already a swarm of powerful lobbies representing foreign companies have descended on Buenos Aires to fight government plans to introduce price and capital controls .
But the stiffest opposition may yet come from the Argentines themselves .
After four years of crippling recession , Duhalde and others are questioning whether Argentina 's decade-long pursuit of free market reforms is the right solution .
BUENOS AIRES - Nostalgia runs deep in Argentina .
With his appointment by Congress last Wednesday to finish the two years left in the term vacated by ex-President Fernando de la R ? he Peronist Duhalde is now promoting a number of emergency measures that would turn back the clock on liberal economic reforms .
Some call it the Ford Falcon syndrome , a reference to the classic gas-guzzler that inefficient Argentine automakers continued to turn out in droves 20 years after it disappeared from US showrooms .
" He must think he can defy gravity , because he 's pursuing the same crash course that Argentines and the rest of Latin America rejected a decade ago , " says Christopher Ecclestone , head of investment boutique Buenos Aires Trust .
On Friday , President Duhalde asked Congress for broad new powers to end the country 's decade-old currency regime that pegs the peso to the US dollar , to intervene in the banking system , to institute price controls , and to protect local industry and jobs .
A spokeswoman for the Environment Minister , David Kemp , said yesterday that the minister was on his way to talks with the European Union in Brussels after a formal visit to Washington , and that the Government was still committed to Kyoto .
Asked if the disagreement was also with Australia , Mr Blair said : " Yes .
The future of the protocol , which sets targets for all countries in an attempt to cut pollution , will be decided this year at a meeting in Johannesburg .
Mr Blair told the ABC that greenhouse gases were an area where there was an obvious disagreement with the US .
" The more I read about climate change , the more concerned I become about this issue . "
The Opposition 's environment spokesman , Kelvin Thomson , said yesterday that Australia " should not follow the US position on climate change " .
He was not sure the Kyoto Protocol actually went far enough .
The British Prime Minister , Tony Blair , disagreed yesterday with Australia 's decision to sign a climate change deal with the United States .
Blair not happy with new green deal
Australia 's involvement in Kyoto has been in doubt ever since the US President , George Bush , announced last year that ratifying the protocol would hurt the US economy .
Critics say that on the one hand Australia is saying it does not want to dump Kyoto , yet on the other it is cosying up to the US - which does want to dump Kyoto .
The Federal Government denied that the agreement , signed this week , was a signal it was dumping the Kyoto Protocol on greenhouse gases .
But I simply say to people , it is for individual countries to state their own position . "
" I am happy because I finally got to vote , " says a jubilant Colin Chipepera , after waiting for more than 12 hours in one Harare voting line .
After months of fear and intimidation , Zimbabweans streamed to the polls this weekend in record numbers to cast their votes in the country 's first contested election since independence 22 years ago .
There is a deep faith here , however , in the power of democracy .
Mugabe is trying to move the goal posts to disenfranchise people , these people he thinks will vote against him , " said Tsvangirai , visiting one polling station where thousands waited angrily to cast their votes , waving their hands in the open-handed signal of the MDC .
An increasing number of local election monitors and international observers say the vote rigging has been so thorough that hopes for a free election are dead .
At the Chaparandza Primary School in the rural Rushinga , Mary Mugumira , wearing a wool " USA 1997 " hat , a long traditional dress , no shoes , and a confused look , asked the presiding officer to vote for her .
" You see this tarred road and this grass ?
HARARE AND RUSHINGA , ZIMBABWE - Martha 's neighbors know her as a high-ranking district official of Zimbabwe 's ruling ZANU-PF Party , the woman who drills local children each Friday in the party doctrine .
" I am happy now , " he says with a bright smile after voting .
Lines were not a problem , but transparency was .
The MDC says that 52 percent of its rural polling agents were chased away , abducted , or refused accreditation by government officials , leaving the voting process open to widespread abuse .
" This is not a fair election , " he says .
In urban areas , lines snaked for more than a mile and angry voters sometimes tried to push their way into polling booths .
That was my bed , " says Janet , a Harare secretary , who waited for more than 27 hours at a polling station in the impoverished Harare suburb of Kuwadzana .
But in her heart , the 38-year-old widow supports the opposition and keeps a Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) membership card hidden in a cooking pot .
Now the country 's 5.6 million voters are waiting anxiously for the results of the poll to be announced , although the voting , which was supposed to end Sunday , may stretch on for days .
He refused , but sent her to talk to the election officers - both of whom represented the ruling ZANU-PF party .
The government slashed the number of polling stations in urban areas where the MDC is favored , while boosting the number in rural ruling-party strongholds .
" This is a crucial presidential election .
A better life , " says Martha , explaining why she voted for MDC candidate Morgan Tsvangirai .
Zimbabwe vote a test of patience
Even with all their tricks , there are too many of us . "
They wear the T-shirts and go to the rallies , but inside , they do n't believe , " she says .
Mr. Murphy points to the lack of independent voter education , the lack of any independent radio stations , and the ban on holding opposition rallies in many districts as just a few examples .
Even as voters went to the polls over the weekend , the intimidation and attempts at rigging continued .
" People pretend to be ZANU-PF because they are afraid .
" We just want someone who can give us food , hospitals , school fees .
" The main cheating took place long before election days , " says Brian Murphy of the Zimbabwe Citizens support group , an organization whose members spread around the country this weekend privately monitoring the elections .
But he wanted to sound his voice .
This is our future . "
There are many Marthas here , people who marched to ZANU-PF anthems and cheered President Robert Mugabe at rallies , while secretly planning to vote for Mr. Tsvangirai .
" The intention , of course , is that you frustrate as many voters as you can .
" I wanted to go home , but I have to vote , " she says .
" I think this is the final nail on the government 's coffin .
Murchabaiw , diagnosed in the last stages of AIDS , does not believe he will live to see the results of this election .
The question foremost in the minds of most Zimbabweans is whether attempts to rig the election through voter intimidation , last- minute election-law changes , and outright fraud have succeeded .
A moment later she had decided , and the polling agent , smiling , put an " X " mark on the ballot in the space marked " Robert Mugabe , ZANU-PF . "
Despite everything , there is still hope in Zimbabwe that this election may bring change .
" I have made a difference . "
Ministry Criticizes 'Odious ' U.S. Report
The State Department 's annual human rights report , which was published Monday , said Russia had a poor record regarding the independence and freedom of the media and in Chechnya .
Russian officials from President Vladimir Putin on down have portrayed the conflict in Chechnya as a war against international terrorists .
However , U.S. officials also note that some of the rebels do not have international ties , and they have criticized Russian military and police abuse of civilians -- although the criticism was toned down greatly after Russia became an enthusiastic member of the anti-terrorist coalition , sharing intelligence information , opening its airspace to humanitarian flights and giving a green light to U.S. military deployment in Central Asia .
Russian security forces in Chechnya have " demonstrated little respect for basic human rights and there were credible reports of serious violations , including numerous reports of extrajudicial killings by both the government and Chechen fighters , " the report said .
" These circles have persistently tried to reanimate the 'Chechen problem , ' and turn it again into an irritant in the Russian-American dialogue , " the ministry said .
The ministry also suggested that before judging others ' rights records , the United States should investigate the situation at home , including the government 's failure to ratify some international human rights agreements and the use of the death penalty .
The Foreign Ministry said that the State Department pronouncement on Chechnya reflected the efforts of " certain circles " in the United States that object to the new U.S.-Russian partnership against international terrorism .
" One gets the impression that its writers simply used old drafts , as if nothing had happened in either Russia or the United States in recent years , as if the events of Sept. 11 , 2001 had not occurred and the international community had not closed ranks in the battle against terrorism , " the ministry said in a statement .
U.S. officials have partially endorsed that view , pointing to rebel leaders such as Shamil Basayev and the Jordanian-born Omar Ibn al Khattab , who are believed to have financial and other ties to Osama bin Laden 's al-Qaida terrorist network .
The Foreign Ministry said Thursday that it was " surprised , to put it mildly " by the U.S. State Department 's criticism of Russia 's human rights record and objected in particular to the " odious " section on Chechnya .
" This is crazy , " I say , " How am I supposed to get enough material for a piece ? "
About the only foreign leader who has supported the American detainee camp , ironically , is Fidel Castro , who is either angling to end the embargo or inching ever closer to dementia .
Tony Blair pointed out that the three British al Qaeda members being held at Gitmo have had no complaints .
On the ferry crossing over to the windward side where the camp is located , I sit next to a now mellow Lt. Col. Costello , who has decided to patch things up with the reporter he snapped at , and who , after getting the sign-off from Southern Command , has cleared us to stay through Rumsfeld 's visit .
If there is a prison uprising , it is these gentleman who will man the guard towers and introduce the rioters to their 72 black-eyed virgins .
" You 're making us leave as the biggest story gets here . "
Curtains , an air conditioner , even a freakin ' bulletin board ! "
Costello 's blood rises as his high-and-tight haircut stands up like an angry-dog scruff : " BECAUSE ... YOU 'RE ... NOT ... STAYING ! "
" They know they 're being watched , " he explains , " so they 'll stare at you , and while they stare at you , they 'll , uh , masturbate . "
The hospitality ends there .
At the end of our day , we are told that a C-141 ( the same plane that transported the detainees ) just became available , and we are prematurely hustled off so the military can dump us in Nowheresville , New Jersey , on a Sunday night after every rental car place in the state has closed .
He gives the sort of hooah performance that has endeared him to both the troops and the press .
If you 're a terrorist from Central Asia , it 's not a bad deal : Kill Americans , get arrested , then get a pay raise from America .
While the military has spared no expense in construction costs ( in three weeks , they built a completely operational field hospital staffed by 160 medical personnel -- two more than there are prisoners ) , they 've saved a fortune in toilet paper .
Besides that , ever since the detainees started arriving on January 11 , Gitmo and the joint forces being run under Southern Command have experienced the PR equivalent of what my ever-subtle colleagues -- borrowing from Special Forces terminology for disastrous missions -- call a " goat f -- . "
It 's the detainees ' cultural preference not to use any .
Running the public affairs show is Army Lt. Col. William Costello , a bearish soldier who looks like the kind of guy who enjoys breaking things on his face .
" Oh God no , " he says .
" The military operates on one principle , " explains a savvy veteran : " Hurry up and wait . "
Costello , like many Gitmo types , is baffled at the uproar over the prisoners ' treatment .
The snipers , of course , are the camp 's deadliest sharpshooters , ropy young bucks ( 21-23 years of age ) who seem largely culled from the western or southern United States , where firearms are often regarded as extra appendages .
" They 're getting 2,600 calories a day .
The treatment being meted out at Guantanamo is inhumane .
In the most bizarre twist , Lance Corporal Devin Klebaur says a few have also been known to " put toothpaste in their ass . "
Most ludicrous , they would be afforded " advances of pay " in an amount " never ... inferior " to that which we pay our own armed forces .
It 's understandable if public affairs types are a little testy .
" They 're looking to be disciplined , " says one , so that any aggressive guard behavior will make it look as if they 're being brutalized by the American military in front of international witnesses .
" I 'm not sure , " he says , puzzled .
After Rumsfeld tours Camp X-Ray with four senators and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Richard Myers ( who is so overshadowed by the secretary 's rock star aura that one reporter has to ask who he is ) , Rumsfeld meets the press on Heartbreak Ridge .
Immediately , an angry media throng closes in on Costello , the air now containing an Altamont-like level of violence .
My public affairs keepers could n't care less .
" They 're actually going to paint arrows on the floors of the cells so they 'll know to face north , " he says .
I 'm running my ass off chasing you guys around . "
It 's hard to imagine anyone who has actually read the Geneva Convention wanting to confer POW status on alleged al Qaeda members .
" My editors are going to crush my nuts , " says one reporter , probably female .
" Why not ? " snaps the reporter .
Restricted to an area about 150 yards away from the open-air cellblocks , we observe the camp from a slight elevation that CNN 's John Zarrella calls " Heartbreak Ridge , " so named " because if you 're a journalist , it breaks your heart that you ca n't get closer . "
Even if it is n't up to Rumsfeld , the argument seems rather academic .
After hours , we are confined to our Consolidated Bachelor Quarters , sleeping four to a duplex room on cots , some without pillows or blankets .
Sitting on a bus on the tarmac , waiting for the secretary to emerge from his plane , we pass the time as journalists do , discussing the AP-style spelling of " bin Laden , " speculating whether the prisoners will get an Internet cafe ( one of them has asked for video games ) , and making fun of the fresh-meat Pentagon press corps , who are overdressed in heavy wools instead of our much cooler island linens .
They 're undermining everything we 're trying to do . "
" Not my problem , " replies Costello .
Still , says another soldier , " They 're a pain in the ass .
Inside the air terminal , our baggage handlers check us in with the efficiency of Bulgarian DMV workers .
And while American prisoners in the Hanoi Hilton often spent years in solitary confinement and received no medical care ( John McCain to this day ca n't comb his own hair ) , X-Ray detainees get daily sick calls from all manner of doctors , from optometrists to podiatrists .
In the richest irony of the war on terrorism , the Department of Defense , which normally goes out of its way not to make news , caused an international outcry by releasing still shots of detainees being brought to Camp X-Ray .
" This is bullshit , " thunders another print reporter .
What we 're trying to do is n't exactly clear at this point .
Knowing that in some Taliban-held provinces , pederasty rivaled headless-goat polo ( buzkashi ) as the favorite pastime , I ask a Naval officer if there are any reports of Guantanamo prisoners turning to man-love .
Though these seemed perfectly reasonable precautions to take when transporting by C-141 members of an organization already responsible for one prison uprising ( Mazar-i-Sharif , which resulted in a CIA operative 's death ) and several suicide plane crashes , human rights groups and international media , led by a chorus of Euro-whiners , immediately lapsed into hysterics .
Not just any shampoo , but " Lively " salon anti-dandruff shampoo -- a " luxurious shampoo in a gentle formula that restores moisture , shine , and body to your beautifully clean hair . "
Still , the overseers of the prison are concerned that detainees are n't getting enough pita bread with their meals , and they 're planning to make the food spicier , just the way the prisoners like it back home .
The prisoners will likely be formally charged and tried , though when I called a senior Pentagon source to find out by whom and when , the source said , " If you find out , will you please tell me ? "
Perhaps the international community is right .
After a quick stop at McDonald 's ( the only one in Cuba ) , our white school bus transports us past beautiful seaside vistas and brownish cactus-infested scrub , past ramshackle housing and up a hill , which features an abandoned auto yard that the locals used to call Sears .
While he remains as firm as ever that the detainees are " illegal combatants , " not " prisoners of war , " which would afford them more rights under the Geneva Convention , he nicely avoids plucking the only hair worth splitting -- whether the captives ' status is his call .
All of this has made Camp X-Ray personnel a sensitive lot .
As we wait for our flight on a creaky Pan Am jet , we are shunted off to the " VIP " room , so named because it has a coffee pot and seascape paintings that look pilfered from a south Florida retirement village .
" North , east , whatever , " he replies , " I 'm Lutheran -- I do n't know where the hell it is . "
Gitmo has actually been the site of a lot of heartbreak over the years .
" I 'd hate to see who got second place , " whispers one reporter .
After leaving the snipers , I collar other grunts who say they believe the prisoners are more apt to act out whenever they see one of the regular visitors from the International Committee of the Red Cross enter the camp .
( Human rights hawks say the matter should be decided by a " competent tribunal , " whatever that is . )
When I skirt away from my minders and visit the Marine snipers ' tent , I learn it went well beyond that .
We are certainly interrogating the prisoners , though base sources wo n't divulge any information that 's been gleaned .
" Soldiers and Marines that are guarding the detainees at Camp X-Ray have worse conditions than the detainees , " he says .
We can see for ourselves , sort of .
The British press , with typical understatement , claimed prisoners were being " brutalized , tortured , and humiliated , " and that the whole operation was nothing more than " a sick attempt to appeal to the worst red-neck prejudices . "
" One thing 's for sure , " says a wire reporter , " you wo n't have to sort through all your notes to decide what to lead with . "
The good news is Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld will be visiting the detainees ' Camp X-Ray the next morning .
WHILE public affairs officers these days are going to great lengths to talk about how docile the prisoners are , detainees have been reported biting a guard , spitting , and threatening to kill Americans .
We are n't even allowed to go the beach , a few hundred yards away from our building ( though , emboldened by the rum we imported from Puerto Rico , a colleague and I make a mad dash under a guard searchlight for the bathwater Caribbean anyway ) .
Many organizations who have n't been to Gitmo , like Human Rights Watch , have been extremely critical of the prisoners ' treatment , while the ICRC has aired no complaints .
They laze away in the shade of their cells .
I 'm not getting 2,600 calories a day .
There 's an obvious culture clash ( military personnel do n't get paid to ask why ; journalists do n't get paid otherwise ) .
But we do n't have to take Costello 's word for it .
The prisoners , by contrast , get to read their Korans , while novels and more " religious books " are on the way .
By comparison , the al Qaedans look pretty fat , if not happy .
ON SUNDAY , Rumsfeld visits , and we hope for illumination .
" Welcome to the Pearl of the Antilles , " deadpans Lt . Commander Brendan McPherson , in a limp cruise-director chirp .
But as a gaggle of public affairs officers enter , they lay down two immutable laws : There will be no access to detainees ( the Geneva Convention forbids making them a " public curiosity " ) .
By contrast , for breakfast and lunch alone , the prisoners are served oatmeal , an orange , peanut butter , margarine , a " culturally appropriate " halal meal , and a giant snack pack containing Froot Loops , raisins , a Nature Valley granola bar , baked garlic bagel chips , and Bullseye barbecue-seasoned sunflower kernels .
The bad news is that the unfounded rumor is founded -- the Pentagon press corps is coming with him , and we 'll be forced to leave a day early .
The goodies set out on a table ( grape beverage powder and apple jelly from meals-ready-to-eat packs ) practically scream , " Ca n't wait till you leave . "
But after flying thousands of miles , then pub-crawling through the streets of Old San Juan last night , we are here because our military escorts insist we show up at this time , though the flight actually leaves four hours later .
Another officer relays something we 'll hear repeated often : that because of international political pressure , the prisoners are getting coddled .
The only abuse the detainees are experiencing is self-inflicted .
( He declared January " Americans ' Month " and invited Jimmy Carter for a visit . )
" Though there are some Air Force personnel over there , so who knows what 's going on ? "
He left after failing to find gold , threatening to cut off the tongues of his crew if they did n't agree to pretend they 'd reached Asia .
Fearing an abbreviated schedule , I commence valuable newsgathering .
Here , we are given our media " indoctrination " packages , never an encouraging word if you aspire to reportorial autonomy .
Now , Barker is stuck minding us as we light out for Guantanamo , the American naval station on the southeastern tip of Cuba .
Sillier still were protestations from such humanitarians as Saddam Hussein and the government of Malaysia ( Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad has made some of the loudest noise , though Amnesty International dings him for arresting the speechwriter of a political rival , who was then blindfolded , stripped naked , punched , verbally abused , and forced to simulate homosexual acts -- none of which is alleged at Camp X-Ray ) .
When I ask the Marines if they 've seen anything weird , they laugh sheepishly , looking at each other .
It is there that 158 al Qaeda/Taliban prisoners are being detained because , depending on who you ask , it is an ideal , sunny clime , it 's not subject to the get-out-of-jail escape hatches of U.S. federal law , or because , as one senior Pentagon official says , " The lawyers did n't want to go on 14-hour flights to some guano rock in the Pacific . "
" Wrapped in the suffocating orange boiler suit , " he wrote , " I lost any sense of dignity " -- a loss he could have just as easily sustained by rereading his own copy .
They 've also eaten their toiletries and urinated on equipment .
Many of us had secretly harbored the fantasy that we could talk our overseers into letting us go right up to the prisoners ' cells , the terrorist equivalent of a field trip to the ASPCA .
Guantanamo 's Unhappy Campers
But that did n't stop the Mirror 's Stephen Moyes from method reporting by donning an al Qaeda rig .
Costello says their eight-by-eight cells contain about twice as much space as soldiers have in their crowded , unventilated tents a few hundred yards away .
Likewise , when thousands of Cuban rafters were detained here for months in the mid-'90s , many grew so unhappy with Gitmo 's ghostly desolation that they 'd do anything to leave , including inject diesel fuel into their veins , drive tent stakes into their limbs , even swim back to Castro 's Cuba .
Though they 're really cleaning up the media center .
At some point , that might become necessary , they tell me , as plotting is obviously afoot .
We see them offering them cookies , hugging them like they 're best buddies .
" I 'm up to my ears in Vieques , " says Navy Lt. Corey Barker , of the nearby bombing range/public relations fiasco that has been protested by everyone from Al Sharpton to obscure Kennedys .
And unlike say , Afghan prisons , where starving detainees are reportedly begging to be sent to Gitmo , there 's plenty of food to play with .
After another hour or two of waiting , a mouthy reporter loudly calls his editor so we can all hear him report the latest : " Same shit , different day .
If we 're not happy , that goes double for our public affairs babysitters .
Those who think the prisoners are getting coddled ( Rep. John Mica , a Florida Republican , visited the camp and said it 's " too good for the bastards " ) will be happy to know that the shampoo is not jojoba-enriched .
Just get a Gitmo press pass .
" They get fed better than us , sir , " says Lampert .
After getting sniffed by a German shepherd who 's more interested in bombs than my colleague 's Percocet , we 're escorted to the media center , an ugly wood-paneled affair that sits next to a pink hangar .
Much has been made over their being kept in outdoor cells , invariably called " cages , " which are topped with corrugated tin-covered wooden roofs that keep what little rain Gitmo gets ( six inches a year ) off the prisoners .
It also rankles Castro , who has wanted to throw us off the island for four decades , but ca n't because of a pre-Revolution lease agreement .
" They 're getting warm showers , clean laundry , hot chow , " Costello says of the prisoners .
The weirdness does n't end there .
To see for yourself , do n't bother canvassing Camp X-Ray prisoners .
A stern sign on the bulletin board admonishes us to clean up after ourselves .
" You mean east , " I say .
Doing so would not only make the terrorists eligible for repatriation to their home countries , but also would forbid their being punished for trying to escape , allow them to receive " scientific equipment " from home , and even confer upon them the right to dentures -- in case they lost their teeth while , say , biting a guard .
The prisoners ( who represent about 25 different nationalities but mostly are Saudis ) can also freely chat with each other about God knows what : prison uprisings , the demise of Talk magazine , trades of Froot Loops for garlic bagel chips .
Their restroom arrangements are pretty spartan .
With all the global bellyaching about the detainees ' right to humane treatment , it 's hard to imagine them getting better treatment than they 're already receiving .
Tokyo irked by US stance on Kyoto
But environmental advocates say Bush 's alternative will allow the US to continue to increase the amount of gas it emits .
At no time was it clearer that countries should take steps to slow this process than when 150 countries signed the Kyoto Protocol in 1997 .
Japanese industry has already gone through vigorous energy-saving - and thus environmentally friendly - drives after the two energy crises of the 1970s and 1980s , says Mitsuru Shinozaki , a spokesman for Keidanren , the country 's most influential business lobby .
While there are no protesters in the streets , there is an air of indignation here over Washington 's " do-it-our-way " decision on something that effects the whole globe .
" Any further policy to reduce emissions , " he says " will hurt Japanese industrial competitiveness . "
" It is absolutely inadmissible for the US , which is the greatest gas-emitting country , to once again turn its back and present something that is against Kyoto Protocol and the framework convention on climate change , " says Mie Asaoka , president of the Kiko Network , a Tokyo environmental-umbrella organization representing about 150 Japanese groups .
Polar bears will have less room to roam , crowding some of them out of existence .
Birds will start flying an extra mile north each year , and may starve when they get there .
US analysts looking east say that as Japan 's economic dominance in Asia diminishes , so will the importance of the US-Japan relationship as a whole .
TOKYO - Coral reefs will die from water that 's too hot .
Not everyone in Japan is upset with Bush 's alternative .
These are among the dire possible consequences of global warming , say climate-change experts .
They fear that , because the US is forging its own way , smaller nations that are expected to ratify the Kyoto Protocol could start backing out .
On one end , Koizumi defensively holds up the Kyoto Protocol .
But now , with President George Bush saying the US will not ratify the protocol - which was shaped in part to fit Washington 's concerns five years ago - the accord 's ultimate effectiveness is in doubt , and many US allies are irritated .
During Mr. Bush 's visit here last month , Mr. Koizumi gently balked at the president 's proposed alternative to the Kyoto agreement , saying that Japan would " like to see further efforts " on the part of the US .
On the other , a fiendish-looking Bush seizes a weeping globe in his monster-size hands .
Realizing the accidental slight , the US later apologized for overlooking Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi 's efforts - considered tremendously ambitious here - to alter the interpretation of Japan 's post-World War II pacifist constitution in order to dispatch warships for noncombat support .
For Japan , a nation of nature-lovers , the shaping of the accord on their soil was a source of pride - and proof that they were still relevant players on the world stage .
In the eyes of Japan and many US allies , the Bush administration 's decision not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol is one of many signals that Washington is growing increasingly unilateralist in the six months since the Sept. 11 attacks on America .
From pulling out of Kyoto - which is in the process of being ratified by the European Union - to labeling Iran , Iraq , and North Korea an " axis of evil " and prime targets in the next phase of the war , America 's allies are seeing in the US a growing tendency to act first and consult later .
The Bush administration is offering its own alternative plan , the Clear Skies and Global Climate Change Initiatives , which aides say are more market-sensitive and will reduce the worst air pollutants by 70 percent while finding a strategy to cut greenhouse gas intensity by 18 percent over the next 10 years .
This could lead to a two-tier system in which the US and a few others - Australia and Canada may follow suit - will choose their own targets , while the rest of the world will be limited to the stricter Kyoto limits .
Overall , 86 percent of the 2,022 respondents would be interested in a trip to space .
Welcome to the dawn of space tourism , where opportunities to view spaceship Earth from aboveare rare , visions of the future are grand , and Everyman seems willing to shed planet Earth , if briefly .
Where Dr. Diamandis sees relatively short-term opportunity , however , others suggest a viable space-tourism industry is still a decade or more away .
" There is a lot of pent-up demand , at least emotionally " among a large number of people to journey into space , says John Logsdon , of the Space Policy Institute at George Washington University in Washington , D.C .
They are n't alone .
Extrapolating from the results , Space Adventures , which commissioned the study , estimates that 10,000 people a year would be willing to pay $ 100,000 apiece for a quick up-and-down suborbital flight , a la Mercury astronaut Alan Shepard .
" Another eight to 10 people have expressed interest " in a Soyuz trip to the space station , notes Tereza Predescu of Space Adventures , an Arlington , Va. , company that arranges the flights .
Not ' gon na be a long , long time ' till you can be a rocket man
The latest " tour-o-naut " to buckle up and place his tray table in the upright , locked position is South African venture capitalist Mark Shuttleworth .
He expects a similar response when an X Prize winner emerges .
He expects a similar commercial response after his prize is issued .
Aerosmith rocker Steven Tyler also is reportedly eyeing a future flight .
" It will happen , " he says , " but not in the time frame that will please tourism 's advocates . "
The International Space Station is not exactly the Waldorf-Astoria .
He likens the effort needed to one the US Air Force undertook in 1951 , when it began developing an aerial tanker to refuel jet fighters and bombers .
But that does n't bother an increasing number of well-heeled executives and celebrities willing to pay millions of dollars and spend a few months training in exchange for a quick trip to orbit .
And a Russian Soyuz capsule will never boast the creature comforts of a stretch limo .
Indeed , Space Adventures already has payments from roughly 100 customers willing to fly with astronautical barnstormers once a winner emerges , perhaps as early as 2004 or 2005 .
" You need a strong , growing US space transportation system , and the federal ... decision that it 's in the national interest to fund ... a second generation reusable launch vehicle to supplant the shuttle at a sufficiently low cost that it would be commercially viable , " he says .
Russia 's next resupply flight is scheduled for October , and two Americans are vying for the passenger seat : former National Aeronautics and Space Administration associate administrator Lori Garver and boy-band 'N Sync 's Lance Bass .
For example , in 2000 , Harris Interactive surveyed Americans ' and Canadians ' willingness to travel into space as tourists .
If they received the trip as a promotion or gift , 80 percent of the respondents said they 'd take an intercontinental space-plane , 70 percent would take a space-station tour or an orbital flight , and 74 percent would be willing to take a suborbital journey .
For space tourism to truly take off , however , several things must happen , says Frank Sietzen of the Space Transportation Association , an aerospace-industry group in Arlington , Va .
But Latin America has moved beyond coups , and this pivotal nation in a hemisphere of democracies has the means to remove Mr. Chavez by constitutional and especially nonviolent means .
FIGHTING tyranny with tyranny clearly did n't work in oil-giant Venezuela last week .
Business groups and labor unions joined in a giant protest , perhaps knowing that portions of the military were on their side .
President Chavez - a former Army coup-meister himself , who was elected three years ago - has abused his popular mandate with heavy-handed measures based on a Constitution largely rewritten by himself and his supporters .
And his economic promises to the poor are in shreds , while his diplomatic flirtation with leftist world dictators only hints at his inclinations to gain more power .
It , too , has a reason to repent .
The Bush administration all but welcomed the coup , tarnishing the US role as a champion of democracy .
But then international pressure and renewed domestic support for Chavez forced the generals to let him take office again .
The company 's executives revolted , threatening a cutoff of oil .
That was a catalyst for pent-up opposition to Chavez .
And now coup-plotting military officers and the reinstalled president , Hugo Chavez , need to show Latin America that their tyrannical tactics are at an end .
Speaking to Japan 's Diet , or parliament , before heading to Seoul , Bush reassured Taiwan by saying : " America will remember our commitments to the people on Taiwan . "
The democratic island run by President Chen Shui-bian of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party relies on the United States as its main arms supplier and trading partner .
" We will urge there be no provocation .
Chinese analysts who advise and comment on policy also played down tensions between China and the United States over Taiwan -- which Beijing always says is the most sensitive issue in their bilateral relationship .
China plays down friction with US over Taiwan
Jiang said Bush had restated Washington 's long-standing commitment to Beijing 's " one China " policy , which states that Taiwan and the mainland belong to a single country .
" But with China and America widening their scope of cooperation the priority of the Taiwan problem in bilateral relations will be lowered . "
BEIJING : China played down sensitive differences with the United States over Taiwan on Thursday , with President Jiang Zemin holding his tongue over US commitments to arm the diplomatically-isolated island .
We believe in peaceful settlement of this issue , " Bush told a news conference after talks with Jiang on the first day of his visit .
Jiang portrayed talks with US President George W. Bush on the issue as low-key , telling reporters both sides had " expressed opposition to 'Taiwan independence ' and the hope of solving the Taiwan question peacefully " .
Jiang 's subdued tone , despite US pledges to press on with arms sales to Taipei and a " defence summit " with Taiwan officials next month , underlined his desire to avoid disputes with Washington ahead of a leadership handover this autumn .
Taiwan relieved
In another controversial move , the US Defence Department said on Wednesday it would take part in a closed-door conference next month that private organisers call a " defence summit " with Taiwan , an event which would typically anger China .
But in a clear signal of continued support for Taiwan , Bush said he would honour a pledge to help arm the island China has regarded as a rebel province since a 1949 civil war split .
Washington angered Beijing last year by offering Taiwan the biggest arms package in a decade -- including submarines for the first time -- and saying Washington would do " whatever it takes " to protect the island .
Bush 's statement will come as a relief to Taiwan , which has been watching his two-day visit closely fearing Washington may give something new away to China in return for Beijing 's support for the US-led war on terrorism , analysts said .
Bush stands firm
China had demanded that Washington end arms sales to Taiwan and step back from explicit statements of support for the island , which Beijing has threatened to attack if it declares independence or delays reunification talks indefinitely .
But Bush has stood firm during his Asian tour .
The United States will continue to support the Taiwan Relations Act , " he said .
The United States passed the Taiwan Relations Act in the same year as it switched diplomatic relations from Taipei to Beijing in 1979 , reaffirming its commitment to Taiwan and pledging to maintain arms sales to the island .
" We have a national executive meeting ... where we will be looking at the figures and give the reaction of the party , " said David Coltart , MP for the Movement for Democratic Change ( Mdc ) .
" To put it mildly the figures are very odd , with very low turnouts in the cities and massives ones in the rural areas , which is unprecedented in this country , " he said .
Tsvangirai , along with local and international observers , have cited widespread abuses in the electoral process .
Straw said there had been " every sign " of intimidation by Mugabe 's Zanu-PF party up to the close of polls as well as many reports of irregularities since then , including shortage of polling booths in urban areas and harassment of opposition election agents in rural areas .
Although he refused to make a final judgement on the conduct of the weekend presidential poll , he told parliament that if Mugabe was declared the winner of a rigged vote , it would have " enormous implications " for London 's ties with Harare .
Mugabe rigged Zimbabwe polls : Britain
" This is a terrible period , not only for Zimbabwe but for those who hold the course of democracy dear in Africa and elsewhere . "
Counting in the election , in which Mugabe is battling for his political future against opposition candidate Morgan Tsvangirai after 22 years in power , began Tuesday amid complaints in Zimbabwe over the conduct of the vote .
LONDON : British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said on Tuesday there was already " pretty strong " early evidence that President Robert Mugabe had " stolen " the election in Zimbabwe .
A group of independent local observers said the electoral process was neither free nor fair and could spark fresh violence in the southern African country .
" If it becomes clear , and the evidence is already pretty strong , that President Mugabe , in the event he is declared the winner , has stolen the election , then that has enormous implications for the nature of our relationship with Zimbabwe , " he warned .
In the early hours of the morning , chief of the armed forces General Lucas Rincon held a brief news conference to say Mr Chavez 's resignation had been demanded and accepted .
A general strike and an escalating oil industry stoppage that had threatened to cripple the country 's economy were no more - and the country not only had a new president , business leader Pedro Carmona , but a new name .
Moments later he announced that he had taken five national television channels off the air for " telling lies about the government " .
" I think people are happy because Chavez has fallen .
A succession of officers filled the TV screens to say they supported the people and that the killings were " not tolerable " .
At the time , Mr Chavez was addressing the nation to assure them his government respected people 's right to demonstrate and freedom of the press .
Venezuelans awoke on Friday to a country transformed by the dramatic and violent events of the last 24 hours , which left at least 11 people dead and more than 80 injured .
News of Mr Chavez 's resignation caused hundreds of flag-waving and whistle-blowing Venezuelans to surround the city 's air force base , La Carlota , in the hope of seeing Mr Chavez ' departure from the country .
" It was horrible .
The challenge now is to heal the deep social divisions that exist within the country .
Managers were striking because Mr Chavez had filled the company 's board of directors with his supporters .
As tanks surrounded Miraflores , Mr Chavez was holed up with senior military officers in a bid to save his presidency .
Mr Chavez 's exit has left Venezuela with a power vacuum and no obvious long-term leader .
The country is in shellshock .
His second was to announce the end of the three-day general strike he had called with the head of the Confederation of Venezuelan Workers ( CTV ) leader Carlos Ortega in support of protesting managers from state oil company PDVSA .
Film footage also caught armed supporters of Mr Chavez firing indiscriminately at the marchers .
As marchers called for Mr Chavez 's resignation outside Miraflores , the presidential palace , shots were fired into the crowd .
These groups were shooting at defenceless people , " said photographer Luis Gomez .
The shootings were the final straw for the military .
Venezuela 's new dawn
Shellshocked
But there 's also a feeling of uncertainty about how the country 's obvious problems are going to be solved , " said Ms Ledesma .
If the rate of increase in greenhouse gases had been maintained at the peak reached in 1980 , the climate by 2050 would have reached temperatures not currently anticipated until 2100 , when CO 2 concentrations in the atmosphere are expected to have doubled , the researchers calculate .
The slowdown also " is due in part to the slower growth of methane and carbon dioxide , for reasons that are n't well understood and need more study , " notes James Hansen , the NASA researcher who conducted the study with Makiko Sato , also with the GISS .
As countries gear up for battles over ratifying the 1997 Kyoto Protocol , a recent study suggests that the world already has stepped along the path to a future cooler than it might have been .
Drs . Hansen and Sato argue that policymakers can make significant headway by attacking other pollutants such as black carbon soot , ozone ( smog ) in the lower atmosphere , and methane from landfills , mining , and oil and gas production .
Known collectively as chlorofluorocarbons , these gases also trap heat thousands of times as effectively as carbon dioxide - the main focus of Kyoto .
It 's not another ice age , but at least it 's cooler
By focusing on carbon dioxide , the pact sets its sights on curbing the greenhouse gas held most responsible for contributing to the climate 's warming during the past century .
The slower growth in carbon-dioxide concentrations could be due to increased CO 2 uptake by land-based plants and marine organisms , he suggests .
The researchers link the slower rate to implementation of the 1987 Montreal Protocol , in which countries agreed to phase out production of gases that erode the Earth 's protective ozone layer .
In assessing how the agency might fare under O'Keefe , some analysts say it could blossom , as it did in its Apollo-program heyday under another numbers guy , James Webb .
" Today , we have 13 in space and 27 under development . "
Fixing the problem may require not just accounting savvy , but also deft diplomacy .
President Bush has nominated Sean O'Keefe , deputy director of the White House 's Office of Management and Budget , to replace him .
With a mandate to cut costs , Goldin implemented a " faster , better , cheaper " approach .
O'Keefe 's appointment " is a clear message from the administration : NASA has to clean up its act before we can talk about the neat stuff we 'd like to see NASA do , " says Patricia Dasch of the National Space Society .
This weekend , the agency bade farewell to administrator Daniel Goldin , who resigned after 10 years in office - an agency record .
" But he may be what the agency needs right now . "
Yet the agency 's objectives have been growing less visionary since then , says John Pike , director of GlobalSecurity.org in Alexandria , Va. " Webb 's mandate was to put a man on the moon .
Early on , the Bush administration planned to scale back US involvement to a " core " station with a crew of three instead of six .
But the agency 's credibility has come under fire in manned spaceflight - especially the International Space Station , now completing its first year of full-time crews .
To cut the station 's scope , they argue , violates international agreements and would essentially close off international use of the station .
The next mission for NASA could be to steer soaring space-station costs back toward earth and restore credibility to what many call a dysfunctional space program .
The project 's costs , like those of the space-shuttle program before it , have ballooned far beyond original estimates - from an initial $ 17.4 billion to more than $ 30 billion .
In doing so , the White House is swapping the silver-visored helmet of a space cadet for the green eyeshade of a consummate bean counter .
" O'Keefe is not known as a space enthusiast , " says Keith Cowing , a former NASA scientist and editor of NASAWatch.com .
If confirmed by the Senate , O'Keefe jumps with both feet into this fiscal morass .
Future US modules were red-penciled .
The task-force report stirred opposition by Canada and other partners .
Forget space shuttles , orbiting telescopes , and more robotic rovers on Mars .
And this month , a task force on the project 's budget concluded that NASA 's cost estimate for finishing the " core " station between 2002 and 2008 " is not credible . "
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Kong Quan said Friday that China disapproves of the use of such words as the " axis of evil " in international relations .
China has noticed that U.S. public opinion and general public do not agree to the wording of " axis of evil , " he said , pointing out that the consequences are bound to be serious if the logic of the wording is followed .
Kong made the remark when asked to comment on the different views given by the New York Times and the Washington Post recentlyon a statement by the U.S. leader describing the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , Iran and Iraq as the " axis of evil " nations .
He stressed that handling state-to-state relations should follow the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter , the Five Principles of Peaceful Co-existence , and the principle that all countries should be treated on an equal footing .
" We disapprove of the use of such words in international relations , " said Kong , who also made the same comment when answering related questions earlier .
This is the only manner that is conducive to safeguarding long-term peace and stability in the world and related regions .
China Disapproves Use of 'Axis of Evil ' in International Relations
China always holds that anti-terrorism campaigns should be based on irrefutable evidence , and anti-terrorism attacks should not be expanded arbitrarily , said Kong .
" Our position is clear , " he continued .
" The Taiwan issue is the most important and sensitive issue at the core of Sino-US relations , " she said at the biweekly ministry briefing .
China has considered Taiwan a renegade province since 1949 and has threatened to bring it back by force if it continues to indefinitely refuse proposals for " peaceful reunification . "
China is firmly opposed to the remarks . "
" The continual sale of arms by the United States or upgrading of relations with Taiwan will only lead to tensions across the straits , " foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said .
Military tensions in the Taiwan Strait were " not in the self-interests of the United States , " she warned .
" China has always resolutely opposed any form of official exchanges or military intercourse between the United States and Taiwan , " Zhang said .
Zhang said : " The remarks of the US official are a ... violation of US commitments made ( on Taiwan ) and interference in China internal affairs .
China slams US arms sales to Taiwan
" We demand the US strictly abide by the commitments it has made to China , correct its erroneous acts or remarks so as to avoid new harm to China-US relations . "
Zhang further expressed alarm over Washington 's announcement on Wednesday that defense department officials will soon visit Taiwan to discuss the sale of eight diesel electric submarines .
Wolfowitz expressed concern about China 's continuing deployment of forces and tactical missiles to areas across the straits from Taiwan .
" The United States is committed to doing whatever it takes to help Taiwan defend itself , " said Wolfowitz , echoing President George W. Bush 's remarks made when he first took office last year .
Zhang also bashed remarks made last month by US Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz at a meeting in Florida , attended by visiting Taiwanese Defense Minister Tang Yao-Ming .
She refused to confirm an April 26 to May 3 visit by Chinese Vice President Hu Jintao to Washington , as reported in the Hong Kong press .
The visit , if Beijing allows it , is widely expected to be centered on China 's dissatisfaction over the Taiwan issue .
BEIJING : China on Thursday slammed increasingly close ties between the United States and Taiwan , demanding an end to official exchanges between the two and to US weapons sales .
US officials denied Wolfowitz 's remarks reflected a change in US policy on Taiwan .
Beijing has also long refused to establish diplomatic relations with any nation that maintains official contact with Taiwan , although it has encouraged economic exchanges between Taiwan and all nations .
" We do n't support Taiwan independence , but we oppose the use of force . "
Many political analysts fear a return to street violence when the devaluation measure passes and companies seek to avoid losses by raising prices for food and medicine .
On Saturday , Congress began debating an emergency package that would grant vast special powers over the economy to Duhalde , Argentina 's fifth president in less than three weeks .
" If it is successful in Argentina , it could become a reference , " said Eduardo Curia , an independent economist in Buenos Aires .
Argentina is now broke .
The companies are worried by Duhalde 's proposal to devalue the peso and scrap a policy known as convertibility that kept the peso 's worth the same as a U.S. dollar .
But to help banks make up losses , he plans to take gas exports and direct that money to shoring up banks .
Duhalde does not agree and has resisted the lobbying , his aides said .
" It 's a ripple effect .
If the Argentine peso is also devalued about 30 percent , as is expected , a car loan of $ 10,000 would be worth about $ 7,000 .
It does n't just hit the initial direct investment in Argentina but all those suppliers throughout the chain of supply that can be impacted , " said Meril Markely , a Houston-based director of tax and accounting services in South America for KPMG .
Amadeo said the president told him , " I have never had so many calls in my life from all the groups saying they do n't want us to touch them . "
Foreign firms furiously lobby in Argentina
His package of legislation seeks -- at the expense of foreign and domestic companies -- to ease the pain on an increasingly angry middle class , the largest in South America .
BUENOS AIRES -- Foreign multinational companies trying to avoid billions in losses furiously lobbied Argentine lawmakers and the new government ahead of today 's final vote on emergency legislation to devalue the peso and end the country 's decade-old currency parity with the U.S. dollar .
They fear that if Argentina can break promises made in contracts , other nations may try to do the same in less dire times .
Presidential spokesman Eduardo Amadeo said Duhalde was stunned by the intense efforts to reverse the package .
Analysts estimate they stand collectively to lose more than $ 3 billion .
Foreign companies are also trying to reverse a portion of the emergency package that proposes to end a decade of billing in dollars at the gas pump , or for fixed and cellular phone services , water and power bills and the like .
They want the dollar value of debt to remain constant , no matter what the devaluation of the peso .
U.S. and other foreign banks , telecommunications , transport and energy companies are expected collectively to lose billions of dollars if lawmakers approve President Eduardo Duhalde 's controversial economic package .
It attracted much foreign investment in the 1990s because companies were promised that their profits in pesos would always be worth the same in dollars .
The economic package nonetheless was passed by Argentina 's lower house late Saturday night and is expected to gain easy passage through the Senate today .
Foreign companies that took over former state transportation , phone and energy companies want -- but appear unlikely to get -- some form of indexing so they can raise their prices to compensate for what is expected to be a widening gap between the peso and dollar .
The most frantic lobbying Saturday came from banks , phone companies and petroleum firms from Spain .
To help them , Duhalde proposes converting mortgages , car loans and other consumer debt under $ 100,000 into pesos .
For foreign companies , especially those from Spain that have invested heavily throughout Latin America , the issue goes beyond how Argentina resolves its crisis .
NASA hopes the covers will shield the motors against the temperature extremes of space and eliminate power spikes and stalls .
But the 57 lawmakers from the opposition Movement for Democratic Change boycotted it , as did representatives from the United States , European Union countries , New Zealand and Canada .
SubHead : Lawmakers boycott event
''Thanks to the people of Zimbabwe for loudly saying : Never again shall Zimbabwe be a colony , " Mugabe said .
He told an audience assembled in the colonial-style State House mansion that his victory was a triumph against the West and whites who he said had aligned against him and his governing party , the Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front .
While a South African observer mission has said the elections were ''legitimate , " Mbeki has not yet commented on them .
Mugabe appealed to the nation and the opposition to reconcile to address the pressing economic needs , but fell short of proposing a government of national unity .
''It is our people who decide , who must say so , not you , sirs and not the one person in 10 Downing St. , Tony Blair , " Mugabe said , referring to Britain 's prime minister .
Investors and Western diplomats have said they might interpret Mbeki 's support for Mugabe or the elections as a sign that Africa is not intent on revitalizing its economies through good government and expanded international trade .
All said they were protesting an election they said had been tainted by months of political violence and intimidation , last-minute changes to electoral laws , and the disenfranchisement of tens of thousands of voters in Harare -- an opposition stronghold -- who failed to vote because the government reduced the number of polling stations .
HARARE , Zimbabwe - President Robert Mugabe was sworn in Sunday for his fifth term in office following a bitterly fought election that the opposition and many Western governments denounced as rigged .
As the leader of the region 's most robust economy and most respected democracy , many Western leaders are looking to Mbeki to denounce the results and provide some reassurance that the continent is committed to democratic principles and property rights .
South African President Thabo Mbeki and Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo are pressing Mugabe to accept such an arrangement to avoid deepening international sanctions and suspension from the Commonwealth of Britain and its former colonies .
Mugabe , 78 , remained defiant , blaming racism for the criticism and pledging to accelerate his land-reform program , under which the country 's most fertile land has been seized from white commercial farmers for redistribution to poor , landless blacks .
''We have dealt a stunning blow to imperialism , " he said .
" All of this is pretty well-planned out because we have used it to house illegal migrant detainees in the past , Cubans and Haitians , " Lucas said .
Then , the concern was how to make comfortable traumatized victims of civil war uprooted from a violent , cold climate .
The biggest challenge may be getting prisoners from South Asia to the Caribbean .
Ros-Lehtinen suggested Thursday that the move might raise the hackles of Cuba 's government , but Rumsfeld dismissed those concerns .
" It gives new life to Gitmo , " as the base is often called .
The Pentagon is planning to house captured al Qaeda terrorists and Taliban fighters for an undetermined time at the base on the island 's isolated eastern coast , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Thursday .
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Miami , said she supported the idea , in part , because it would underscore the naval base 's strategic importance at a time when some members of Congress have urged returning the territory to Cuba .
Some Washington diplomats consider giving back the land a potential carrot for negotiation with a democratic Cuban government .
" It 's an excellent location , " she said .
The prisoners from Afghanistan are not expected to arrive for weeks , and Rumsfeld said there are no plans to stage military tribunals or trials at the base , which is home to about 1,100 members of the Navy and Marine Corps .
Planners scrambled to deploy healthcare workers and Muslim clergymen before the White House abandoned that idea .
Cuban leader Fidel Castro has long argued that the U.S. military occupation of the base is illegal , while U.S. officials say the base exists under a lease agreement that was part of a 1934 treaty with Cuba .
" We do n't anticipate any trouble with Mr. Castro , " he said .
The U.S. naval base at Guantamano Bay , Cuba , once a detention center for thousands of Cubans and Haitians seeking freedom in America , may soon become a prison for men with a radically different view of the country .
" It will be a little bit of a different situation but a lot of the basic stuff is the same . "
With an outdoor movie theater , bowling alleys , a McDonald 's and a mini-mall , Guantanamo Bay is a curious slice of Americana on the edge of the Caribbean .
In this instance , military sources said , the number of prisoners would be much smaller -- perhaps in the dozens -- and the logistics would focus more on security at the 45-square-mile base and less on the comfort of prisoners who are considered either members of a terrorist network or supporters of terrorists .
Despite the logistical hurdle of moving at least several dozen presumably dangerous men around 8,000 miles from Afghanistan , Rumsfeld called Cuba " the least worst place . "
At the Southern Command in Miami , the Pentagon 's base for military operations in Latin America and the Caribbean , spokesman Steve Lucas said planners had pulled out blueprints from April 1999 -- when the Clinton administration had briefly considered housing up to 20,000 refugees from the Kosovo conflict at the base .
The government refused to accredit most independent Zimbabwean voting monitors , but many of them showed up outside of polling stations anyway .
" The intention , of course , is that you frustrate as many voters as you can .
Police have canceled scores of opposition rallies and Mugabe has used his presidential powers to restore controversial election laws struck down by the Supreme Court that appear to make it easier to rig the vote .
The few pre-election polls reveal voters ' fears - with one reporting that 70 percent of people questioned refused to say who they would vote for .
Mugabe is trying to move the goal posts to disenfranchise people , these people he thinks will vote against him , " Tsvangirai said , urging voters in line to be patient .
Human rights groups and many political analysts say that the campaign was too tainted for elections to be free and fair .
Following a campaign wracked by intense violence and intimidation blamed on the ruling party , opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai said he was pleased to see so many people voting , believing a strong turnout favored him over the man who has ruled this country since independence in 1980 .
" They are supporters of the opposition , " he said .
Some 150 people have died in politically motivated violence over the last two years , many of them black opposition activists believed to have been killed by ruling party militants .
But have courage , people of Zimbabwe , the darkest hour is always before the dawn , " Tsvangirai said in a statement .
" That 's my secret , I ca n't tell you , " Ronnie Dube , a 48 year-old carpenter , said when asked how he would vote .
" I know you are tired ; I know you are scared and I know you are hungry .
He urged supporters Saturday to vote despite government intimidation .
Tsvangirai ( pronounced CHAN-ger-ai ) , a union leader , is promising reforms in this southern African nation , which is mired in its worst economic crisis since independence .
" It is not only prejudice , it is bias against the ( ruling party ) , bias against President Mugabe , and bias in favor of the opposition . "
But with voting going very slowly at some stations , Tsvangirai accused authorities of holding things up to hurt his chances in the two days of voting .
But Friday night an opposition polling agent said she was harassed by ruling party militants , who also sat in front of the polling station chanting slogans Saturday morning , opposition officials said .
Mugabe 's name did not appear on the list at the polling station in the Harare township where he had planned to vote .
Mugabe , whose rule had never faced significant dissent until recent years with the economic troubles , has painted Tsvangirai and his Movement for Democratic Change as servants to white interests and Western powers who want to see the country fail .
Two weeks ago , Tsvangirai was charged with treason in connection with an alleged plot to assassinate Mugabe .
After casting his ballot , Mugabe lashed out at his critics .
" I want to vote for a good future . "
The opposition had asked the Supreme Court to overturn Mugabe 's decree restoring the controversial election laws , as well as to resolve confusion over voter registration and the location of polling stations and allow the polls to remain open if long lines made it impossible for some to vote .
Tsvangirai , 49 , is promising to revive the economy , end corruption and promote a more orderly land reform system .
Mugabe , 78 , has promised public works initiatives if he is re-elected and has pledged to continue his controversial program of seizing white-owned farms and giving them to landless blacks .
People were also uncertain about where to vote .
The number of polling stations in urban areas , considered opposition strongholds , were cut by half by the government .
The court decided Friday night to defer a decision until after the election .
HARARE , Zimbabwe ( AP ) - Zimbabweans waited in long lines outside polling stations Saturday , some knitting and playing with their children , while waiting for the chance to vote in elections that present the strongest challenge yet to President Robert Mugabe .
In what appeared to be a show of force , witnesses in Harare reported unusually large number of soldiers and military vehicles around the capital .
His stature in Africa and his stand on Zimbabwe 's future bring hope for African economic renewal and greater democracy .
That 's a fair deal .
Their courageous stand will help renew a promise by leading industrialized nations to provide more aid , trade , and investment only if Africa shows better governance and democracy .
Zimbabwe 's opposition says it will only join Mugabe in a unity government if he agrees to a new , better-run election .
Their endorsement of yet another type of diplomatic isolation of Zimbabwe shows solidarity with the West .
But now that he 's cornered by the international community with many types of isolation - including opprobrium from two of his African peers - he has lashed out by charging opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai with trying to kill him .
Without the rule of law and fair elections in Africa , no amount of aid can help it .
Africa 's two richest and most powerful nations , South Africa and Nigeria , decided to punish Zimbabwe on Tuesday for a flawed presidential vote .
Mr. Mbeki may still hope that , despite his joining the West in criticizing Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe , he can work with his troubled neighbor to prevent more violence , keep the economy from collapsing , and find some political compromise .
Such desperation by Mugabe should not be condoned by African leaders .
Mbeki and other African leaders need to press Mr. Mugabe to stop his repression and to not take farmland from whites without just compensation .
This grand bargain to uplift the world 's poorest continent would have been in jeopardy if Thabo Mbeki , south Africa 's president , and Olusegun Obasanjo , Nigeria 's president , had not agreed to suspend Zimbabwe from the 54-nation group of former British colonies known as the Commonwealth .
South Africa 's leader , Mbeki , who has been inclined toward " quiet diplomacy " with Zimbabwe , has now made himself heard .
Africa 's Grand Bargain
A strike this week by the country 's trade unions protesting the government 's tactics reflects widespread disgust with Mugabe .
Many of the continent 's other governments found little fault with the way Mugabe ran the election , despite overwhelming evidence of voter intimidation and manipulation of polls .
All was not lost in Zimbabwe 's rigged election last week .
Foreign Minister Sergei Ivanov told a global conference of government and military leaders that he sees no evidence that any of the three nations supports terrorism and insisted that any move against them must follow international law .
His remarks came on the last day of the Munich Conference on Security , an invitation-only gathering of 400 international leaders who this year debated the war on terrorism .
" The Iranians have not done what the Pakistan government has done , put troops along the border to prevent terrorists from escaping out of Afghanistan into their country , " Rumsfeld said on ABC 's This Week .
It will do what it feels necessary , and Saddam Hussein is the next target unless Iraq shapes up .
" Well , we do n't like some of your allies like Saudi Arabia or Gulf states who give finance to terrorism organizations , " Ivanov said .
And he unfurled his own list of " rogue states " that either support terror or build arsenals of deadly weapons .
Italian Defense Minister Antonio Martino , meanwhile , said Sunday that his country would not support an attack on Iraq without " proven proof " that Baghdad is supporting al Qaeda , and Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein dispatched a delegation to meet with European Union leaders in Spain .
Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-S.C. , asked Ivanov why Russia supported the former Soviet republic of Belarus with cheap energy subsidies , when the nation has " never had a democratic election and is a major exporter of arms and equipment . "
Ivanov said the West uses a double standard in its definition of terrorism , asking why members of Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network are terrorists , but not Chechen separatists fighting Russia .
What the three states do share , it went on , is chilly relations with the United States .
But America is at war , the audience heard repeatedly .
It is a stark reminder that differences remain between two former enemies who have moved closer together since Sept. 11 .
The word " axis " suggested an alliance that does n't exist , the Chinese agency said .
A diverse U.S delegation delivered a singular message to conference participants : NATO remains vital and the United States needs a range of allies in the fight against terrorism and intends to consult its friends .
Russia disagrees with `axis ' remark
Sunday 's final session also underscored the vast differences between the United States and Russia .
On Sunday , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld accused Iran of giving refuge to al Qaeda or Taliban members escaping from Afghanistan .
President Bush described Iraq , Iran and North Korea as an " axis of evil " during his State of the Union address on Jan. 26 .
MUNICH , Germany -- Russia 's defense minister said Sunday that his country disagrees with the U.S. view of Iraq , Iran and North Korea as an " axis of evil . "
Ivanov said there was no evidence Belarus has sold arms to nations under sanction such as Iraq , though it did do business with nations not under sanctions such as Tajikistan , Angola and " even Gulf states . "
China 's official Xinhua news agency also weighed in Sunday on Bush 's choice of words , accusing the president of orchestrating public opinion in advance of possible strikes against the three countries in an expansion of the war against terrorism .
He repeated the theme Wednesday during a town hall meeting in North Carolina , saying , " The United States of America will do whatever it takes to defend our security . "
WASHINGTON -- President Bush 's declaration that countries such as Iran , Iraq and North Korea represent an " axis of evil " that must be prevented from acquiring weapons of mass destruction touched off questions around the globe Wednesday .
For Iran , Bush 's condemnation marked a return to confrontation .
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld had particularly harsh words for Iran Wednesday , saying it had been training terrorists " for a long time . "
The rhetoric also caused shudders in U.S. allies South Korea , where President Kim Dae-jung has rested his reputation on easing a half-century of confrontation with the heavily armed communist North , and Japan , which is also within missile range of North Korea .
" I do n't think it is a wise thing to corner the North Koreans and cut any routes to talking with them , " said Yukihiko Ikeda , a Japanese congressman and former foreign minister .
All three nations Bush named angrily rejected his remarks .
After assuming office , Bush initially declined to continue the Clinton administration 's talks with Pyongyang on halting its development and export of ballistic missiles but eventually offered talks .
But the president 's remarks clearly expanded the scope of his anti-terrorism campaign while elevating the fight against the spread of nuclear , chemical and biological weapons to a major foreign-policy priority , U.S. officials said .
But Bush 's pledge to do whatever is necessary to stop them and nations like them appeared to represent a significant hardening of the U.S. position .
But U.S. intelligence officials say there is no evidence that Iraq played a role in the Sept. 11 attacks or has been particularly active in sponsoring international terrorism in recent years .
Iraqi Vice President Taha Yassin Ramadan , responding to Bush 's " axis of evil " remark , said the U.S. government " is the source of evil " in the world .
White House spokesmen said Bush 's blunt language during his State of the Union Address Tuesday did not mean that U.S. military action against any of the three was imminent .
The president also named Iraq as a nation that " continues to flaunt its hostility toward America and to support terror . "
And North Korea 's official Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) monitored in Seoul had this to say : " The remarks were merely a shenanigan aimed at continuing with its policy of agression against us . "
The president told Congress that Iran , Iraq and North Korea pose " a grave and growing danger " because they seek weapons of mass destruction and have links with terrorist groups .
President Mohammad Khatami of Iran , whose attempt at reforms have gotten American support , accused the United States of " warmongering . "
Secretary of State Colin Powell and other officials had expressed optimism that Tehran 's moderate behavior after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks could lead to an opening with the Islamic nation .
American intelligence has known for a decade or more of attempts by Iran , Iraq and North Korea to develop nuclear weapons , poisons and germs .
`Axis of evil ' charge raises questions
As with Iran , the Bush administration has tried talk and threats with North Korea .
" He spoke arrogantly , humiliatingly , aggressively and in an interfering way -- and worse than anything , it is an insult to the Iranian nation , " Khatami said at a Cabinet session Wednesday night .
But U.S. officials have watched with chagrin in recent weeks as Iran has funneled weapons to its proxies in western Afghanistan and attempted to ship sophisticated arms to Yasser Arafat 's Palestinian Authority .
''This commemoration acquires special relevance this year , " said Jorge Arias , a top local Communist Party official .
Both Castro and Chavez are leftists who see themselves as revolutionary leaders .
He said it was a ''beautiful historic coincidence " that the celebration came so soon after Venezuelans " have written a page of dignity and honor by going out into the streets to overthrow the coup attempt . "
Cubans celebrate Venezuelan president 's return to power , compare botched coup to Bay of Pigs
HAVANA - ( AP ) -- Thousands of Cubans celebrated Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's return to power at a rally Tuesday , likening the failed coup against the Cuban ally to the disastrous U.S.-backed effort to overthrow Fidel Castro 's government 41 years ago .
Castro considers Chavez a friend and his closest political ally in the region , and their close ties have rankled the United States .
Cuba was swift to denounce the Venezuelan president 's ouster Friday -- reversed two days later when Chavez was reinstated by loyalist military officers after demonstrations calling for his return .
The Bush administration brushed aside suggestions Tuesday that it quietly encouraged the removal of Chavez .
It was established in 1903 , served as a World War II outpost against German U-Boats and has been an incessant irritant to Fidel Castro -- who tried to tear up a $ 2,000-a-year , 1934 lease agreement between Washington and Havana , to oust the American imperialists from the island .
My understanding is that they have some capability in medical care in Cuba . "
But Buehn said the Cubans have not raised any formal objections to the base 's latest mission .
And I ca n't speak for everybody on the base but I think most people are glad to be part of it , excited by it . "
Now he 's still head honcho of the base itself .
It 's gotten so busy around this once-sleepy Caribbean outpost that the man in charge may soon restore the stoplight that , until Navy downsizing in the 1990s , hung near the only McDonalds in all of Cuba .
Some might suspect it 's a bit more dangerous now .
Moreover , he labeled as " a serious offer , " a so-far spurned proposal by Havana to send medical teams here to support the prison camp project .
But Buehn said the new mission has given residents -- both civilians and service members -- a sense of unity and purpose after the uncertainty of Sept. 11 left them sitting on the sidelines of the U.S. war on international terror .
So much so , he said , that not a single family member or contractor has so far requested to leave here , the oldest U.S. base overseas , and the only one left in a communist country .
We were the equivalent of a sleepy little fishing village , " he said in an interview .
GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE , Cuba -- What a difference a terrorist detention center makes .
Yet , " all in all we 're glad to have an important mission and a place to work to fit in the war on terrorism .
" I think it was a serious offer , " he said of the overture , which some in Miami scorned as a publicity stunt .
" As base commander , I 've given a lot of thought about what the name Guantanamo Bay may conjure up in someone 's mind .
With a heavy layer of Marine and Army security , their safety is not a concern , he said .
I think time will tell how the name will be associated . "
Meanwhile , Buehn is wondering what the latest mission will do to Gitmo 's image .
Gitmo 's history is a storied one .
Commander of base sees a world of change
It 's become like a boom town .
Were Washington to decide to maintain Guantanamo as an offshore terrorist detention center , Buehn said , he would propose building a maximum security facility on leeward side .
And , he said , neither he nor Marine Brig . Gen. Michael Lehnert , commander of the prison project , are considering the evacuation of sailors ' wives and children , some of whom live not far from Camp X-Ray .
Nor is there any worry over the infrastructure , which was stretched to the limit in 1994 and 1995 when the base became an encampment 55,000-plus Haitian and Cuban boat people -- and the commander sent civilians stateside to make room for the 8,000 U.S. personnel who came to tend to the migrant project .
Between the armored vehicles ferrying Taliban and al Qaeda prisoners to Camp X-Ray and the international observers whizzing past , it may be time to dust off the only traffic signal that ever operated on the 45-square-mile base , says Navy Capt . Robert A. Buehn .
And , of course , I want it to be good things , " he said , not " like Alcatraz or Devil 's Island . "
But he 's not directly responsible for the nascent offshore U.S. terror compound , which , depending on whether the Pentagon decides to stage military tribunals here , may one day make its nickname -- Gitmo -- as notorious as Devil 's Island .
" We 're ready to see you guys , " Culbertson radioed once Endeavour pulled within 1 1/2 miles .
Space station commander Frank Culbertson had eagerly awaited the arrival of Endeavour , his ride home .
Although his four-month stay was quiet , the retired Navy fighter pilot said he felt isolated and frustrated after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
There wo n't be a final answer until this morning , Van Laak said .
The space shot might be rescheduled for this evening , but a decision wo n't be made until this morning , a NASA official said Thursday .
NASA experts were worried that if the Russian supply vessel were not securely docked , it might jar loose and damage the space station .
A bigger question is when to send Russian cosmonauts outside the station to fix the problem without messing up the space crew 's tight work timeline .
But NASA officials want further study because they are concerned it might damage the locking mechanism for the supply ship .
Van Laak said Russian space officials believe the soft bump that happens when Endeavour docks at other port on the station would not jar the Russian supply ship loose .
" What we are concerned about is a wobbl ing " that could damage the locking mechanism , Van Laak said .
Had Paritzky 's misguided advice been taken by most of Israel 's citizens , we would be digging ourselves out of the ruins at this time .
It should be clear that the problem Israel is facing at this time has much more than just an economic dimension .
While it was already clear that the economy was well on its way to a recession , the ministry 's bureaucrats forecast continued growth for the economy .
Confidence in the local currency is an essential element of a sound economy .
But all the talk of big cuts in the budgets of most of the ministries came to naught .
The bloated budget was passed through the Knesset to the sounds of ministerial congratulations advertising " a great political triumph . "
Finally , the ministry realized the budget it had prepared would have to be drastically revised and curtailed .
Warning lights are flashing .
Unlike him , MK Joseph Paritzky did his best to undermine confidence in the Israeli shekel when he told Israelis to consider transferring their wealth abroad .
It started with the economic forecasts published by the ministry last year .
Most of the Argentine government 's debt is in dollars , while most of the Israeli government 's debt is , fortunately , in shekels .
No sooner had it been approved by the Knesset , than talk began of the need for a major revision .
Then the finance minister dramatically announced an emergency economic plan based on large-scale tax increases in an already over-taxed economy .
With good economic management , Israel should have little trouble overcoming the present crisis .
Plans for a law that would restrict the authority of the governor were ill-received in the international financial community and seem to have been dropped for the time being .
In an attempt to keep the coalition afloat , money was again parceled out right and left , and the government 's budget deficit increased beyond reasonable bounds .
The structure of the Israeli economy is basically sound , but on the other hand , Israel is at war , with a significant proportion of its resources devoted to defense .
Based on false premises regarding anticipated government revenues and underestimates of the need for defense expenditures , a totally unrealistic budget was prepared .
But the budget was a disaster .
It was only when the government 's income from taxes started to fall far short of the forecast that the bureaucrats woke up .
The emergency economic plan is in the process of being torn to bits by the many political interest groups whose constituencies will be affected by the plan .
So we still have a way to go before our economic crisis reaches Argentine proportions , but there is little doubt that unless drastic measures are taken , we are on the way .
Argentine President Eduardo Duhalde tried to instill such confidence among Argentina 's citizens after the devaluation of the peso when he said , " Those who bet on the dollar will lose . "
When the local currency rapidly decreases in value , it is a sign of serious economic trouble .
Sound management of the economy is an essential element in the conduct of the war against Palestinian violence and terrorism .
But successful management of the economy - the second front - is essential so that the resources needed for defense needs can be made available without causing serious damage to the economy .
Is it any wonder that the shekel 's value is decreasing daily ?
At the same time , there was no let-up in his continuing battle with the governor of the Bank of Israel , who is supposed to be his partner in managing Israel 's economy .
Judging by the steps taken by the Finance Ministry , one can only speak of mismanagement .
The rapid drop in the value of the shekel is a sign that confidence in it is waning .
But where is that management ?
" It 's shameful .
Until all those above us stop stealing , Argentina has no way out , " said a woman lining up outside a bank in the rain from before dawn to try to get her cash .
Landed with the provisional presidency for 48 hours , the head of the lower house of Congress , Eduardo Camano , called on senators and deputies to hold a legislative assembly today which should rubber-stamp Duhalde 's appointment .
Ordinary Argentines have been pouring into the streets night after hot summer night , banging pots and pans demanding , and eventually receiving , the resignation of De la Rua , his unpopular economy minister and aides to Rodriguez Saa who were suspected of corruption .
Governor Carlos Ruckauf of the vast Buenos Aires province said all parties had to " help the Peronists in a national salvation government ... with consensus that the person in charge until 2003 should be Duhalde . "
Argentina 's biggest political force , the Peronists , who ruled from 1989-99 , withdrew support from Rodriguez Saa , accusing him of being power-hungry , and convinced other parties to accept in his stead Peronist heavyweight Senator Eduardo Duhalde .
De la Rua 's cowed Radical Party agreed , with senior party official Federico Storani saying it would be " madness " to hold elections now " because the interim government would n't have the power to apply measures to get us over this crisis . "
`Shameful '
But the argentino would only be backed by the bricks and mortar of government buildings such as the Pink Palace , and analysts have warned it could devalue and spark inflation .
BUENOS AIRES - Argentina ended 2001 leaderless and penniless yesterday with its new interim president resigning a week into the job and the country fearing more bloodshed and the loss of savings frozen in the banks .
U.S. President George W. Bush said yesterday he was worried about Argentina , but was confident the country would " stay together " until it chooses a new leader while offering
The country of 36 million people is living in fear of more shop looting and violence that killed 27 people before De la Rua quit , of more riots like those that erupted on Friday and of more misery as a four-year-old recession grinds on .
He had planned to alleviate the cash crunch by minting the " argentino " to circulate alongside pesos , which have been backed up and pegged one-to-one to U.S. dollars for a decade , providing monetary stability and zero inflation .
" Once they come up with a plan to sustain economic growth , we 'll work with them . "
But bickering politicians agreed the crisis was too serious to subject Argentina to the pressure of quick elections , which had been scheduled for March , and decided yesterday to choose an interim leader to rule until 2003 , when De la Rua 's mandate was to end .
While the moratorium on part of Argentina 's $ 132-billion public debt , heralding the biggest default in history , had long been expected by markets that have dumped Argentine bonds this year , Rodriguez Saa 's plans for a new currency caused alarm .
Plunged into chaos by looting and deadly riots that forced Fernando de la Rua to resign as president a week ago , Argentina fell deeper into anarchy when interim leader Adolfo Rodriguez Saa quit on Sunday after losing his party 's support .
" Obviously I 'm worried .
" Today we are millimeters away from a civil war , " said Leopoldo Moreau , a Radical Party congressman .
With New Year celebrations canceled for fear of violence in the worst crisis since the country 's last military coup in 1976 , security chief Juan Jose Alvarez said the capital had been " strongly reinforced with patrols by the federal police , the coast guard and the border police . "
Argentina is a very important part of our hemisphere , " Bush said .
De la Rua was brought down after violent protests against his economic steps left 27 people dead and more than 200 people injured .
Argentines wary of surging unemployment , rising poverty , salary cuts and tax hikes are deeply skeptical of more calls for belt-tightening , the centerpiece of policies advocated by De la Rua and his economy minister Domingo Cavallo .
De la Rua resigned Thursday , following two days of protests , food riots and supermarket looting .
Lawmakers meeting in a special session late yesterday were expected to approve the 54-year-old lawyer and provincial governor as president .
Polls indicate that a majority of Argentines support keeping the peg in place , despite increased calls from many economists and several political leaders that only a devaluation can help the economy rebound .
Rodriguez Saa is reportedly considering easing banking restrictions imposed by De la Rua , limiting to $ 1,000 the amount of money Argentines can withdraw from their accounts .
" I will work with all my might on behalf of my country .
No more austerity plans !
BUENOS AIRES - Veteran Peronist Adolfo Rodriguez Saa was set to become the country 's interim president yesterday , taking power after a devastating economic crisis toppled President Fernando de la Rua .
" That was the message the people sent to De la Rua and all the other political leaders . "
" Enough .
He complained that it was the Peronists who forced him from office by disregarding his call to join a government of national unity - his last-ditch effort to remain in office after the declaration of a state of emergency failed to quell the rioting .
Taking on a job many in his own Peronist party spurned , Rodriguez Saa is expected to serve as president at least until new elections , tentatively scheduled for March 3 .
I am going to work hard and with honesty , " he said .
He has reportedly suggested Argentina will have to declare a moratorium on payments on its crushing debt load and has vowed to leave in place a key economic law pegging the Argentine peso to the U.S. dollar .
Mr. Chretien , who this month headed off a move to suspend Zimbabwe from the Commonwealth in advance of the vote , said the election of Mr. Mugabe " does not look very good " but insisted Canada must wait for the results of a Commonwealth report before acting .
" Ahh , this country is going to the dogs .
Colin Powell , his Secretary of State , implied the United States may impose new sanctions in addition to an existing travel ban affecting Mr. Mugabe 's inner circle .
John Reynolds , the Canadian Alliance leader , said Zimbabwe should be suspended from the Commonwealth and its High Commissioner to Canada " sent packing " until " we straighten this mess out . "
The win gives the 78-year-old Mr. Mugabe a six-year term in office and was hailed by Patrick Chinamasa , Zimbabwe 's Justice Minister , as a " runaway victory . "
The despondent former union boss appeared befuddled by the result , as if he had never expected Mr. Mugabe to pull out a victory using just about every shady tactic in the book .
The Crisis in Zimbabwe Committee , a coalition of church and civic groups , called for Zimbabweans to protest the elections tomorrow in a " constitutionally acceptable " manner .
Mr. Tsvangirai seemed at a loss over what to do next , saying that the leadership of his Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) would have to meet to come up with a strategy to counter Mr. Mugabe 's victory .
" We expected we were going to win this election , " admitted Hilda Mafudze , an MDC member of Parliament who had been threatened by Mr. Mugabe 's toughs and prevented from campaigning in her home riding south of Harare .
In contrast with the West , Zimbabwe 's neighbours , including regional superpower South Africa , found little to object to in the election .
But we are scared .
" We seek no confrontation with the state , " said the MDC leader , who is already facing treason charges for allegedly plotting to assassinate Mr. Mugabe , a charge he says was trumped up .
Opposition critics attacked the Prime Minister for not immediately denouncing the election .
" We have to follow the process of receiving the report from the observers before coming to a definite conclusion . "
He said the result " does not reflect the true will of the people of Zimbabwe . "
Jack Straw , Britain 's Foreign Secretary , condemned Mr. Mugabe for waging a " systematic campaign of violence . "
Mr. Mugabe , Zimbabwe 's leader for all its 22 years of independence , won a fifth term in office yesterday , defeating his opponent Morgan Tsvangirai in an election marred by violence , intimidation and the manipulation of electoral laws .
George Bush , the U.S. President , led the criticism from the West , saying Washington would not recognize Mr. Mugabe 's government .
Sam Motsuenyane , head of a 50-member observer mission from South Africa , said the result " should be considered legitimate " and blamed the difficulties faced by some voters on " administrative oversight . "
HARARE , Zimbabwe - As Robert Mugabe moved to consolidate his victory in elections most observers denounced as rigged , an ugly split was opening up in the response from black African nations and the West .
" We foresaw electoral fraud but not daylight robbery , " he said during a brief news conference yesterday .
The last thing South Africa wants is to add thousands of refugees fleeing war and political turmoil .
" We have just got to sit down and brainstorm and come with something concrete to do . "
The confusion was widespread throughout his party .
" We do not recognize the outcome of the election because we think it 's flawed , " Mr. Bush said .
" It 's something we were not prepared for , " she said .
For South Africa , the main concern is regional stability , not the niceties of participatory democracy .
We are not going to go out on to the streets , " he said , looking nervously over to where triumphant activists from Mr. Mugabe 's Zimbabwe African People 's Union - Patriotic Front had ripped up stacks of a pro-opposition newspaper .
Mr. Tsvangirai was less complimentary , calling the election " the biggest electoral fraud I have ever witnessed in my life . "
Jean Chretien , the Prime Minister , was more muted in his criticism .
The observer team from the Organization of African Unity announced that , " in general , the elections were transparent , credible , free and fair . "
Although Mr. Tsvangirai said the people were " seething with anger , " Mr. Tsvangirai ruled out open rebellion .
" There is a committee made up of three heads of governments and states who will be meeting within two weeks to analyze the report of the observers and render a decision , " he told the Commons yesterday .
" The ... team wishes to commend the electoral and polling officers for the able manner in which they conducted the elections , " said Gertrude Mongella , leader of the OAU observers .
Domestic observers tended to side with the MDC , denouncing the election as fraud-tainted and unfair .
The MDC says the disorganization in Harare was planned by Mr. Mugabe in order to disenfranchise Mr. Tsvangirai 's supporters .
According to the government , as few as 42 % of Harare 's 800,000 voters cast their ballots while the rate of participation in Mr. Mugabe 's rural strongholds approached 69 % , a figure disputed by the MDC .
" And we are dealing with our friends to figure out how to deal with this flawed election . "
In the working class suburb of Highfield , a strong MDC zone , a middle-aged street vendor just clucked and shook his head when asked whether people would protest Mr. Mugabe 's re-election .
It highlights what some see as a US double standard in international law .
British officials have visited the British captives at Guantanamo Bay and said they have " no complaints about their treatment , " which contrasts greatly with the feelings expressed in some of the British press .
" Jack Straw was very strong about this in a way our government has not been , " says Mr. Melham .
But the detention by US forces of Australian Taliban fighter David Hicks has provoked tensions that could fray the bilateral goodwill .
Aussies see US double standard
If Hicks and other foreign captives receive markedly different treatment to Walker , even though all men served the same Taliban , Melham predicts damage to the international coalition against terrorism .
Mr. Williams says " neither the US nor Australia is in a position to begin a prosecution against Hicks , " acknowledging that he may not have committed any offenses under Australian law .
" You have to be realistic about the nature of the potential threat that the prisoners who have been transferred to Cuba represent , " says Attorney General , Darryl Williams .
Now he awaits an uncertain fate and is getting little sympathy from the Australian government .
" You 're now getting a lot of callers saying he is an Australian citizen , and Australia is not the 51st state of America , " she says .
" Clearly , if it were not for our relations with the US , we would be protesting his continued imprisonment without proper trial , " says Justice John Dowd , a former conservative attorney general who is also president of the Australian chapter of the International Commission of Jurists .
Perhaps the best indicator of the changing tone is the popular press , which a month ago labeled Hicks a traitor .
" You will have people saying why are different standards being applied , on the basis of nationality , for what appears to be the same offenses . "
Simply put , American John Walker Lindh now faces a civilian trial in the US . But some 400 foreign detainees - who are being held without charges in Cuba and Afghanistan - and could face US military tribunals .
" The Australian government is , frankly , pathetic in that , for the argument of convenience , we are letting this man be held in conditions that clearly violate established conventions on the treatment of prisoners . "
No opinion polls have been taken , but talk radio , a popular medium that politicians use as a barometer of national opinion , is running slightly against him , according to the media monitoring agency Rehame Australia .
Not only has Australia 's opposition Labor Party called for Hicks , currently held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , to be returned home , but a Supreme Court justice has described Hicks as " a casualty " of his own government 's attempt to maintain favor in Washington .
And public opinion was solidly behind the war effort .
Opposition justice spokesman Darryl Melham says the Australian government 's refusal to demand consular access to its citizen compares poorly with British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw 's immediate insistence that three British nationals captured with Al Qaeda should face neither a military tribunal nor the death penalty .
That makes them about as dangerous as a person can be in modern times . "
So far , a slight majority of Australians seem indifferent to David Hicks 's fate .
This week , Sydney 's Sun-Herald said he was not a traitor but " a naive , patently stupid young man who chose the wrong heroes . "
SYDNEY , AUSTRALIA - Within days of the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington , Australia was one of the first countries to offer support for the US war against terrorism - pledging 1,500 troops to the Afghan offensive .
But according to media analyst Kate Flanders , dissent is emerging .
" The Americans seem to have retreated from an earlier position of the death penalty for foreigners , but we are still worried about the extent to which this guy 's legal rights are being subjugated to the Australian government 's shuttle diplomacy with the US . "
The targets in this conflict are the common enemy of all civilized men and women , regardless of race , colour or creed ; and the magnitude of the threat they pose was revealed to the world on the morning of Sept. 11 .
This man , who advanced a mendacious critique of " Orientalism , " is himself a product of the scholarship he demeaned ; and is able to command audiences in Egypt and elsewhere in the Middle East because of his success in America .
The mistake is to assume that envy is something so petty .
Almost five months later , I feel more certain that my analysis was essentially right : We must look to moral rather than political causes to understand this " natural " antipathy that so much of the planet shares .
We are told it is wrong to hate our enemies .
Our ancestors wisely placed it among the mortal sins .
Nor are they now eager to retreat , after the collapse of all their arguments and thorough investigations by the International Committee of the Red Cross .
It is a canker in the heart , that spreads by vanity through the human soul , turning worldly into spiritual failure .
And while the conventional and verbal anti-Americanism is in a different league from the terrorist strikes -- closer to hypocrisy than to murderous hatred -- I think the two are animated by a common cause : a cause to be sought in the murk of the individual human soul , not in the externals of political argument .
And in their confusion of ends and means , they make free use of technology and media largely developed in that America .
The world 's most prominent self-styled " Palestinian refugee , " Edward Said , is the perfect example of this : a man who would be nothing without the chic and prestige conferred by elite U.S. universities and the publishing institutions of New York , N.Y .
It was no surprise to me , though a surprise to others , to find both right-wing tabloids and left-wing pundits joining the fray in Europe over what I have come to call , facetiously , " the Gitmo Gandhis " ; to see the speed with which even mildly conservative fellow-Canadians jumped to the conclusion that the United States was mistreating its " hostages , " and wilfully ignoring Geneva Conventions that few had ever read .
I come to this view after three decades of adult life , having encountered and often tried to resist anti-Americanism in several countries .
Again and again , I have discovered it is a simple prejudice , rather than a product of comprehensive reasoning : for the charges brought against those " damn Yankees " shift loosely between the U.S. polity and people , and are no sooner effectively rebutted than more charges come forward in their place .
This column drew incredulous responses from several fairly sophisticated readers .
What begins to happen when we hate our friends ?
In the words of one , " I ca n't believe anyone would sacrifice themselves and many others over something as petty as envy . "
For while the " left " has compounded anti-Americanism into dogma , the " right " in Canada , Europe and beyond , participates in the envy of U.S. success .
Where there are not even polls , in the tyrannies of the Middle East , of Africa and Asia , there is occasional evidence of the respect that the United States can command -- the belief that for all its flaws , the United States remains the champion of freedom .
It can never be right to indulge this disease .
Let me pause only briefly to allow that America is imperfect , like all earthly things ; that its governments and people have committed many sins ; that might does not make right ; that power and wealth are not good in themselves ; that goodness , truth and beauty may be found in every country and town .
Voices stilled by horror in the wake of the terror attacks on America , resumed their anti-American tirade when the United States took action in Afghanistan , and recently raised the pitch over the prisoners issue at Guantanamo Bay .
" We all know . "
Often enough , the radicals who spout anti-American doctrines imbibed them amidst the safety and leisure of U.S. campus life .
There is a quality of " knowingness " about them , a flavour of conspiracy -- as if the world 's most open nation and society were secretly behind every local misfortune .
To be fair , so far as truth can be discerned from polls , the free Western world is indeed grateful , and on balance quite supportive of the cause the Americans are leading .
Perhaps the best evidence of this is the huge demand for U.S. visas -- especially in places such as the West Bank and Gaza .
Let us even , sometimes , expect more from people born to every earthly advantage , and sometimes less from those born without .
WASHINGTON - On the face of things , it is hard to see how any reasonable person could object to the " war " the United States is now waging against international terrorism and terrorist regimes .
And even in the first hours after the catastrophe , CBC was unselfconsciously airing a procession of guests making liberal use of the " but " construction .
Action is more eloquent than words , and the real attitudes of people are often revealed in what they take for granted .
From British lords down to humble skinheads , sneering at the American " vulgarity " confers a comforting sense of personal and national vindication , when no other prop can be found .
In praise of those 'damn Yankees '
This is especially true of intellectuals , the sometime masters of paradox ( though sometimes paradox is their master ) .
Potential terrorists may well be concealed among them , but for the great majority , it is common knowledge that the United States is a land of freedom and opportunity -- the preferred destination of the world 's emigrants for the better part of the past two centuries .
In the column I wrote on the very day of the September catastrophe , I touched upon the envy of America , which I believed to be its " root cause . "
Second only to the terrorism itself , this more muted and often self-satisfied anti-Americanism puts a great evil on open display .
That the United States is compelled , through the unpreparedness of its allies , to conduct this fight in its military dimension almost single-handedly , should be a cause for soul-searching gratitude among those allies , hardly the resentment we have so often seen .
" As far as speed is concerned , it 's probably going to be in the fractions of an inch velocity -- on the order of a tenth of an inch per second , " said Ben Sellari , the launch package manager at Mission Control .
" Problems are bound to occur and are part of the normal course of space activities ... [ but ] Canadarm2 operations went smoothly and flawlessly yesterday . "
The rail car , installed outside the International Space Station on the crew 's first spacewalk , will have a top speed of just three centimetres per second , but ground controllers may not open up the throttle all the way in their first test today anyway .
Captain Marc Garneau , president of the Canadian Space Agency , said Canadarm2 has so far performed flawlessly in its pivotal role installing the truss segment .
The opposition members have a loaded gun at their head with Mr. Mugabe 's fingers on the trigger .
Within the Commonwealth , Australia , New Zealand and Britain led a move to suspend the country , but that was resisted by African and Caribbean countries , threatening to split the group along racial lines .
" I think it 's a result that maintains the Commonwealth 's credibility , " Mr. Howard said .
Mr. Mugabe 's associates said it was a " bad decision . "
... For once , Canada needs to lead .
The MDC will never accept coming into a government that has no legitimacy , " said Keith Martin , the Canadian Alliance foreign affairs critic .
" This is a slap on the wrist for Mr. Mugabe .
" The question now is what other actions are taken to ensure that there is a review of the electoral process , perhaps a reversal of that process ... and some contribution to civility in Zimbabwe , " he said .
The punishment by a special Commonwealth committee made up of the leaders of Nigeria , South Africa and Australia was tougher than many people had expected .
" This government sat on the fence for months , which resulted in many people being killed or tortured that did n't need to be .
Mr. Mugabe , 78 , led Zimbabwe to independence from Britain in 1980 and ruled a country that was seen as a great hope for prosperity until the last few years , when the economy has collapsed .
The move is largely a symbolic gesture meant to underscore disapproval of the " high level of politically motivated violence " that preceded the elections .
Joe Clark , the Conservative leader , said the suspension of Zimbabwe is one step in what should be a series of moves to restore democracy to the southern African nation .
In Canada , the opposition parties were highly critical of the Commonwealth , saying it should have suspended Zimbabwe indefinitely until Mr. Mugabe holds free and fair elections .
OTTAWA - The Commonwealth suspended Zimbabwe for a year yesterday and called for new elections after concluding Robert Mugabe had rigged recent presidential elections .
Mr. Tsvangirai , who has been charged with treason for allegedly plotting to assassinate Mr. Mugabe , offered to hold talks with the President in an attempt to end two years of violence .
SubHead : 'Bad decision , ' Mugabe camp says
Thabo Mbeki , the South African President , has been reluctant to impose sanctions on Zimbabwe and it is believed Olusegun Obasanjo , the Nigerian leader , also had reservations about suspension .
The suspension from the 54-nation group was described by John Howard , the Australian Prime Minister , as being " at the more severe end ... of the options available to us " and matches the penalties previously imposed on Pakistan and Fiji for not observing basic democratic principles .
Canada froze future project funding to Zimbabwe last May , suspended export funding and last week banned Zimbabwe officials from visiting , but Mr. Martin said more sanctions should be imposed .
South African observers declared the election legitimate , despite contrary opinions from observers sent by the Commonwealth and the European Union .
Though Zimbabwe 's harshest critics had argued the country should be suspended before the elections , African countries , supported by Mr. Chretien , took a wait-and-see attitude , setting up the three-member committee to make a final determination after the election .
They talked about reconciliation and they invited the government to take some people in opposition to be part of the government , " Jean Chretien , the Prime Minister , told the House of Commons yesterday .
In Harare , Zimbabwe 's opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) , whose leader Morgan Tsvangirai had challenged Mr. Mugabe , praised the Commonwealth for taking concrete action .
Mr. Mugabe has been widely condemned for rigging the election , held March 9-11 .
Election observers reported thousands of voters were not given the chance to cast ballots in the election , while others were intimidated into voting for Mr. Mugabe 's governing ZANU-PF party .
" Canada must push for punitive action against Mr. Mugabe and his band of thugs that have brutalized the people of Zimbabwe , which means an indefinite suspension from the Commonwealth , a ban on travel for Mugabe 's cronies and to freeze their personal assets . "
" What is critical at the moment is to see how we can restore legitimacy on a government that has stolen an election and that government must now deal with national questions of drought and food shortages , " Mr. Tsvangirai said .
" We welcome the suspension for the reason that it must be regarded as an unambiguous message by the international community that the rule of democracy will be upheld in every part of the world , " said Welshman Ncube , the MDC 's Secretary-General .
He wants this information before the main contingent of Canadian soldiers arrives in Afghanistan in mid-February .
The U.S. commanders consider the prisoners to be " unlawful combatants " as opposed to prisoners of war , a distinction that allows the U.S. to provide different treatment under international law .
" They are still human beings , and before we commit -- before we approve of this -- we have got to sort this out . "
Ms. Jennings , a Montreal MP , demanded assurances that Canadian soldiers will not turn over any prisoners unless the U.S. guarantees they will not face the death penalty .
Quite the contrary , " said James Wright , a senior Foreign Affairs official .
Mr. Godfrey said , " When I see those hooded prisoners being put on planes to Cuba , I say to myself , 'Would we allow that , if Canadian troops were taken ? ' "
" I do n't think we can turn a blind eye or outsource our moral obligations , " Mr. Godfrey said .
" Do I believe that they are following the Geneva Convention ?
One possible policy , he said , would be for Canadian troops operating with members of the U.S. 101st Airborne Regiment to simply defer to the Americans when prisoners are being taken .
OTTAWA - Canadian troops will hand over any enemy fighters they capture to the Americans , Art Eggleton said yesterday , dismissing concerns from Liberal backbenchers about the treatment of Taliban and al-Qaeda prisoners by the U.S. military .
Mr. Godfrey said it is unacceptable for Canada to allow any ambiguity in policy toward the U.S. treatment of prisoners .
" If there were serious problems that they had with the treatment of detainees by authorities , we did n't hear it from the International Red Cross .
" These are people who are part of a terrorist movement that is a threat to the security and safety of Canadians , Americans and other people in the world .
" We do not have detention facilities and our intent would be to turn them over , " Mr. Eggleton said .
They should be brought to justice .
" I have no reason to believe that they have not been treated fairly , but it is up to the International Red Cross to determine that . "
U.S. military officials say they are being " guided " by the Geneva Convention .
Mr. Eggleton warned the Liberal MPs they should not forget the horror of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks when considering the plight of Taliban or al-Qaeda prisoners .
Let 's remember that . "
Mr. Eggleton said there is no evidence U.S. authorities have failed to provide humane care , and he said U.S. commanders have assured Canada they will follow international law .
" These are people that inflicted terrible death and pain on people on this continent , at the World Trade Center in New York and in Washington , " he told reporters .
SubHead : Backbenchers protest : Eggleton tells MPs to remember the real issue : Sept. 11
Mr. Godfrey , a Toronto MP , accused the Americans of violating international law by blindfolding and shackling prisoners who were transferred this week from a detention centre in Kandahar to the U.S. Navy base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Human rights groups have criticized the U.S. military 's treatment of prisoners captured during its current cleanup operation in southern Afghanistan .
At a joint meeting of the foreign affairs and defence committees , Liberals Marlene Jennings and John Godfrey challenged Canada 's policy after Mr. Eggleton , the Minister of National Defence , said he is satisfied the United States is treating prisoners humanely and in accordance with international law .
" The lack of respect for the human person , I ca n't believe that , under any convention , that the Americans have n't already violated international law by treating people this way , " Mr. Godfrey told Mr. Eggleton .
Still , Mr. Eggleton said Canada wants further clarification on how the tribunals that judge the prisoners will comply with international law .
Yes . "
" The government of Zimbabwe continues its blatant campaign of violence , intimidation and manipulation of the electoral process in an effort to win the poll .
At his rally , Mr. Mugabe blamed the MDC for the violence .
" How can you not have your army on high alert when [ British Prime Minister Tony ] Blair is making the kind of noise that he is making , " Mr. Moyo said .
On the eve of voting due to start at 7 a.m. today , the United States charged Mr. Mugabe 's government with conducting a blatant campaign of intimidation to win the poll .
U.S. accuses Mugabe of intimidation
He was referring to Mr. Blair 's condemnation of Mr. Mugabe , who accuses him in turn of interfering in Britain 's former colony to engineer an opposition victory .
Addressing 15,000 backers , the Zimbabwean President mocked Mr. Tsvangirai as a puppet of London , calling Mr. Blair " an arrogant little fellow . "
He promised , " We will bury [ the opposition 's ] sponsor .
SubHead : President predicts victory as opposition alleges vote rigging
HARARE - On the eve of the presidential vote , Robert Mugabe , Zimbabwe 's President , predicted he would once again storm to victory , as the opposition charged wholesale rigging of the vote and a minister said the army was on high alert .
Mr. Tsvangirai , who celebrates his 50th birthday tomorrow , accuses Mr. Mugabe of using violence , intimidation , special laws and dirty tricks to fix the two-day election , in which the President faces his toughest challenge since independence in 1980 .
Mr Blair will have a political burial here tomorrow . "
The opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) said 40 of its polling agents were briefly abducted by government supporters in what it called the latest intimidation intended to steal the election .
Mr. Moyo also said the many foreign journalists who have entered the country as tourists to avoid visa restrictions would be regarded as terrorists and risked the full weight of the law .
... It is clear that the government intends to win the election by any means , " said Richard Boucher , a State Department spokesman .
The government has denied reports of a possible army coup to support Mr. Mugabe if he loses .
Mr. Mugabe , whose campaigning energy belies his 78 years , oozed confidence at his final rally at Bindura , northeast of Harare , and launched a stinging attack on Mr. Blair .
Morgan Tsvangirai , the opposition leader , accused Mr. Mugabe of using militants from his ruling Zimbabwean African National Unity-Patriotic Front party to try to destroy the MDC over the past two years and undermining the integrity and independence of the police .
( Non-farming Canadians , most of whom spend at least part of the winter months scraping ice off their cars , chopping firewood and shovelling their walks , will profit as well . )
The worldwide cost of that 8 % dip : about $ 2-trillion in lost GDP -- give or take a trillion .
Why Kyoto is a rip-off
Even if Canada managed to convince the United States and every other Kyoto signatory to ratify the protocol , world carbon dioxide emissions would still soar .
But these problems can be abated , or even eliminated , with Western assistance .
Yet rising temperatures pose little threat to Canada .
In its authoritative Feb. , 2001 , report on the projected impacts of global warming , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change identified several threats to Canadian ecosystems , but concluded that our farmers would generally benefit from warmer temperatures .
" There is nothing to be gained by frightening people when all the facts are not known . "
This is not a price worth paying .
While helping Third World nations plant new crops , vaccinate people and relocate coastal towns will be costly , the bottom line will likely be only a fraction of Kyoto 's 13-digit price tag .
But Jean Chretien is not worried .
But the $ 40-billion figure , far from being conceived to " frighten " Canadians , is plucked straight from government documents .
Governments are expected to protect the national economy , and they should deviate from that mission only when crucial national interests are at stake ( fighting terrorism , for example ) .
Instead of trying to cap carbon dioxide emissions -- a costly burden at home and an impossible task in the developing world -- we should focus on abating the damage global warming does in at-risk nations .
As for the globally felt benefits that would follow from Canada 's implementation of the Kyoto protocol , they are slight .
" I do n't accept these figures , " the Prime Minister said .
There are better ways to spend that money .
According to a report released in 2000 by the National Air Issues Co-ordinating Committee on Climate Change , a group staffed by officials from the federal , provincial and territorial governments , hitting Canada 's Kyoto target may mean " the loss of roughly one year 's growth , or , viewed in absolute terms , in 2010 , the loss in annual economic output of approximately $ 40-billion ( or $ 1,100 per capita ) . "
By 2010 , our $ 40-billion sacrifice would yield an expected reduction in annual carbon and carbon-equivalent emissions of about 46-million tonnes -- just 1/200th of the world 's total projected greenhouse gas output .
The leaders of the Zimbabwean Liberators ' Peace Forum , an association of mainly Matabele veterans who fought in the Rhodesian war through the 1970s , issued a dramatic request for help from both within Zimbabwe and beyond .
The official election watchdog refuses to indicate the number of ballots that will be issued , making it easier to stuff ballot boxes , and has not said where the polling stations will be located .
Three MiG-21 fighters flew low over farmland in Mashonaland West in an apparent intimidatory display meant to underline the threat being spread by ruling party thugs : " If President Robert Mugabe loses the election , we will go to war . "
The government is also apparently continuing to register ZANU-PF supporters long after the official closing of the voters roll .
" No murderer will go unpunished .
Observers and the opposition worry Mr. Mugabe , the country 's only President in 22 years of independence , is becoming increasingly reckless in his attempt to hold on to power .
The appeal , which amounted to a de facto call to arms , risks being represented by Mr. Mugabe 's government as proof of foreign military meddling in Zimbabwe .
Didymus Mutasa , ZANU-PF 's external affairs chief , told South African television this week that if Mr. Tsvangirai wins , ZANU-PF will support a coup .
" Many , many of us did not go to fight the settler regime in order to install a British puppet like Tsvangirai , " he said .
SubHead : Rumblings of rebellion : Opposition aghast at 'state terrorism '
They have never been used before , not even in the war in the Democratic Republic of Congo , " Mr. Quintana said .
" We are appealing for financial and logistical support for a struggle , " said Aleck Ndlovu , one of three directors who run the forum .
Zimbabwe 's army chief has already warned about the result of a Tsvangirai victory .
One of the country 's state-owned newspapers carried a front-page story yesterday claiming Britain and the United States were preparing to support military insurgency in Zimbabwe .
The MDC says as many as 34 of its supporters have been killed since the presidential campaign began in January and fears are rising there will be an explosion of violence next week , no matter what the result of the election .
" This is our major concern , " said Reginald Matchaba-Hove , head of the independent Zimbabwe Election Support Network .
He predicted victory and vowed to continue pursuing Mr. Tsvangirai after the election .
The opposition leader has been accused of trying to assassinate Mr. Mugabe .
HARARE , Zimbabwe - Elements of Zimbabwe 's army began leaving their barracks yesterday in an ominous sign that Robert Mugabe intends to rig this weekend 's presidential election and is preparing for a fight if the opposition challenges him .
He estimated two-thirds of the soldiers in each of the barracks had moved out .
" I will take my risk and vote , " he said , insisting he will travel this weekend to his hometown of Domboshawa , 27 kilometres north of the capital .
" The violence we have experienced in this country is state terrorism against its own citizens .
They will now have to brave gangs of ZANU-PF thugs if they want to vote .
It is using state agencies , state institutions that have been built specifically to terrorize the population , " Mr. Tsvangirai said yesterday .
" If I stay in Harare , I will not be able to vote , " said Desire Chikondi , an MDC party worker whose house was burned down this week by ZANU-PF youth militia members and who is now hiding out in the MDC 's Harare headquarters .
Despite the rising chorus of domestic and international outrage , Mr. Mugabe continues to campaign around the country .
Matabeleland has long been a bastion of resistance to Mr. Mugabe and an MDC stronghold .
" We are willing to defend the interests of the people of Zimbabwe at all costs and will not stand idly by if the election is clearly not free and fair , " he said .
Meanwhile , a group of up to 800 veterans of Zimbabwe 's independence war has asked for foreign help to mount a rebellion against Mr. Mugabe if he steals the election .
Meanwhile , as many as 100,000 soldiers and police officers have already voted under the watchful eye of their commanders and far from the gaze of any outside observers , Mr. Matchaba-Hove said .
At Cranborne Barracks on the outskirts of the capital , he saw soldiers towing a BM-21 multiple-rocket launcher , a fearsome weapon that can can fire 40 122mm rockets in six seconds .
The voting rolls include the names of as many as 80 % of the people in Zimbabwe who have died in the past two years , while thousands of the living will not be allowed to cast their ballots .
No one we know to have planned such deeds will escape , " Mr. Mugabe said in comments carried by state-owned television .
" I was surprised to see the [ rockets ] coming out .
" Our people are hungry and they are tired of what has happened here .
" Now is the time to teach everyone , the British first , that when it comes to the issue of defending our national sovereignty , we shall not retreat , " he said to an enthusiastic crowd of about 8,000 supporters .
In Harare , an MDC stronghold , the government has cut the number of polling stations by as much as 35 % , the party charged .
People are willing to fight it out . "
Meanwhile , the government is planning to call on teachers , police and the army to supervise voting .
If Mr. Mugabe wins , " We are going to fight , my friend , " said an MDC supporter and trader in Harare 's main market , while senior government officials have indicated they will not respect an MDC victory .
At a rally yesterday in his hometown of Chinhoyi , Mr. Mugabe returned to a favourite theme -- an attack on former colonial power Britain .
Morgan Tsvangirai , the MDC leader who is giving Mr. Mugabe his toughest challenge , accused his opponent of conducting a calculated campaign of intimidation .
To begin with , there are major measurement problems .
Implementing Kyoto would cost a paltry $ 500-million , he said , and added more ominously that " the issue , technically , is that international relations fall within the purview of the federal government .
They just wanted more consultations .
His boss apparently has less business sense .
In short , because the estimates of the scale and timing of atmospheric warming are so uncertain , it is just not possible to assess the costs and benefits .
Underlying the uncertainties regarding costs are more fundamental uncertainties about the scientific evidence .
Ten days ago , when asked about Kyoto at the now famous Team Canada press conference in Moscow , Premier Ralph Klein produced a letter indicating that all the premiers , except the ever-distinct Quebec , opposed Kyoto .
Taylor may have offered a more prudent guess , but the fact is , accurate estimates of the costs of policies designed to reduce selected gas emissions are impossible .
Canadians know , with a certainty approaching perfection , that the federal government is incompetent when it comes to offering even order-of-magnitude guesses .
Everyone else loses .
A few days later in Munich , provincial opposition was hedged with qualifications : The NDP premiers of Saskatchewan and Manitoba apparently thought the " principles " of Kyoto were fine .
At the same conference , Taylor 's federal counterpart , David Anderson , announced that the Alberta numbers were absurd .
Second , there is no evidence on the net impact of human activity .
Swelling the population of envirocrats in Ottawa means that the sole beneficiary is the federal government .
No one knows the impact on Canada 's international competitiveness , when China , India , Brazil , and Indonesia are not committed to reduce anything .
A couple of weeks ago , the federal government distributed a colourful announcement in newspapers across the land proclaiming that " the Earth is getting warmer " and that implementing the 1997 Kyoto Protocol , on the targeted reduction of so-called greenhouse gases , would fix things .
No one can estimate the costs or benefits of developing novel energy sources because , if new knowledge could be known in advance , it would n't be new .
Another sign the debate is intensifying emerged last week at a global warming conference in Ottawa .
Even if they existed , there is no reliable baseline from which to begin : No one knows what global weather was really like in 1900 or 1850 to say nothing of earlier dates .
The only winners in the increasingly heated debate over global warming are the boffins in Ottawa .
The gun registration program proves this beyond the shadow of a doubt .
According to Jean Chretien , " the desire of the federal government is to sign it . "
He was alluding to the great money laundering operation whereby the federal government transfers cash from productive provinces such as Alberta and dispenses it in places such as Quebec .
Taylor told his Quebec critics that they should be more circumspect .
Last spring the American National Academy of Science warned that because " there is considerable uncertainty in current understanding of how the climate system varies naturally , " any estimates of either the magnitude or the direction of future warming must be highly tentative .
Politics , not the environment , drives Kyoto
Lorne Taylor , the Alberta Environment Minister , estimated the costs of Kyoto to the Canadian economy to be somewhere between $ 25-billion and $ 40-billion a year .
The fact is , Kyoto is without principles and no one has a clue what it means .
Herb Dhaliwal , the federal Energy Minister , weighed in with even more qualifications : " Some important details have to be worked out before Canada ratifies the Kyoto Protocol , " he said .
" I would n't sign a contract in business unless I knew exactly what it meant . "
" They stand with empty pockets and their hands empty , out toward Alberta , and at the same time they 're criticizing Alberta . "
As a consequence , only the politics of Kyoto count .
At the moment it 's a challenge . "
U.S. budgetary problems means plans to build a larger craft have been halted .
But Marc Garneau , the head of Canada 's Space Agency , said how many more international astronauts will follow Dr. MacLean into space is an issue Canada and other nations are facing after the U.S. said last year it will reduce the scope of the space station program .
Space agencies from Russia , Japan , Europe and Canada , partners in the space station program , will meet in March to discuss their concerns over its future .
It [ the station ] has a limited lifetime , " said Dr. Garneau .
Dr. Garneau pointed to the station 's rescue vehicle as a key example of the program 's reduction .
" So it 's very important for us to get back up to that crew size of six or seven .
" There will be an impact starting probably in 2004 , " Dr. Garneau said , adding that the U.S. cuts mean reduced scientific experiments and reduced shuttle flights .
" I can not tell you how pleasing it is to my own ears to hear me say that during my mission I 'm going to ride and fly Canadarm 2 , " said Dr. MacLean .
" The pressure at this point is to try and get our American colleagues to live up to the obligation that is embodied in the inter-governmental agreements we all signed , " said Dr. Garneau , Canada 's first astronaut.When it is fully constructed , the space station 's lifespan is 20 years , so it is vital to enlarge the size of the crew , Dr. Garneau said .
Dr. MacLean tugged a red Canadian Olympic hockey shirt over his blue astronaut flight suit yesterday , telling reporters he wanted to get several more for the rest of the Canadian control crew to wear while working on the mission in May .
" The clock is ticking .
I 'm confident that we 're going to find a way around it .
Bursch has weaving material to make small baskets , while Walz has a five-octave keyboard that he calls a " psychological support device . "
Russian Yuri Onufrienko could n't wait to take over as space station commander from American Frank Culbertson .
British newspaper headlines have screamed about U.S . " Torture ! " and " Monstrous Inhumanity , " while stories say prisoners are treated " like wild beasts " in " cages . "
The military wisely shackles prisoners during transport : That 's when it 's easiest for violent people to hurt others .
Call it Club Gitmo .
White House spokesman Ken Lisaius rightly noted of the Club Gitmo guests that , " for the most part , they 're members of al Qaeda and if they were free , they 'd engage in murder once again . "
First , there 's the reporter who likened living in the tropics without air conditioning to " torture . "
I was embarrassed by some of the press corps ' comments during Tuesday 's Pentagon briefing .
Camp X-Ray Or Club Med ?
Then there 's the reporter who asked Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld if American Taliban John Walker will be treated the same as the detainees .
It should be noted that much of the uproar is over photographs of the detainees taken as they were being transported from airplanes to their cells .
Still , some people just have to bash the United States .
" In an 8-by-8-foot space , ( on some ships ) we would cram half a dozen sailors , " was one U.S. official 's reaction .
I 'd guess that 's one journalist who 's never been to a prison .
" Will he be put in an 8-by-8-foot cell that has no walls but only a roof ? " was the follow-up question .
Does Amnesty International think that wearing a hood on an airplane is sensory deprivation , instead of a security measure ?
Talk about clueless .
Instead , Amnesty International and the comrades are outraged that the military is treating al Qaeda captives like prisoners .
The detainees should look at the balmy Camp X-ray -- replete with running water , three square meals a day and modern medical care -- as a sort of Taliban version of Club Med .
Amnesty International issued a press release accusing the United States of " keeping prisoners incommunicado , ( using ) sensory deprivation , the use of unnecessary restraint and the humiliation of people through tactics such as shaving them " in an effort to 'break ' the spirit of individuals ahead of interrogation . "
So make that " necessary restraint . "
Also , a British Foreign Ministry team , which spent three days at Club Gitmo , reported that three British citizens being held there had " no complaints about their treatment . "
Some Brits and Amnesty International want them to be officially classified as POWs .
As the Washington Post reported , Foreign Office Parliamentary Secretary Ben Bradshaw also explained that there were " no gags , no goggles , no earmuffs and no shackles while ( the prisoners ) are in their cells . "
Yet , some Americans and Brits have been hollering about the U.S. treatment of these tough guys .
Oh , the horror .
Well , heaven without the 72 virgins .
Take the sensory deprivation charge .
The detainee status however , gives the U.S. military the leeway to interrogate these former operatives about any future terrorist attacks .
You could understand the outrage if the U.S. military were torturing or otherwise mistreating the detainees .
As for the " unnecessary restraint , " one detainee has announced that he wants to kill an American before he leaves Cuba , and another detainee bit a guard , according to Pentagon spokesman Capt . Riccoh Player .
Is n't the Taliban code all about sensory deprivation ?
You get the feeling that if Rummy booked these tough guys into a Motel 6 , they 'd complain that there 's no room service .
AFTER SPENDING months in frigid Afghanistan caves subsisting on Allah knows what , the 158 detainees the United States is holding in tropical Guantanamo Bay must think they 've died and gone to heaven .
And they apparently do n't care if the criticism makes them look clueless as to what really is inhumane .
Then there 's the status of the detainees .
CAPE CANAVERAL - ( AP ) -- A South African space tourist received a warm welcome aboard the international space station on Saturday and settled in for an eight-day , seven-night stay that cost him $ 20 million .
As for his liftoff two days earlier from Kazakhstan , ''I had moments of terror , moments of sheer upliftment and exhilaration , " Shuttleworth said .
He also plans to chat with South African schoolchildren via ham radio over the next week .
We hope that we will be good guests . "
Shuttleworth , who is among the world 's younger space travelers , joined his country 's president on Saturday in calling for " a need for Africans to embrace the future and the importance of education , and especially science and mathematics . "
" I have truly never seen anything as beautiful as the Earth from space .
NASA opposed Tito 's trip , saying he would interfere with space station work and possibly even endanger the crew .
The world 's latest space tourist -- dubbed an Afronaut back home -- has generated huge excitement in South Africa .
Long before his flight , he created the ''Hip To Be Square " campaign -- or Hip2B2 -- to promote science and math education in South Africa .
But I 'm feeling much better now , " said his mother , Ronelle Shuttleworth .
Shuttleworth 's parents were relieved to see their adventure-seeking son , an entrepreneur who made his fortune off the Internet , safely aboard space station Alpha .
Joyous South African enjoying view on space station
As you can see around us , there are tons of very precious and very sophisticated equipment .
" Although it 's very , very large , we have to move very carefully .
The 28-year-old smiled broadly as he floated into the space station and was embraced by its three occupants .
One orbit , or 1 hours later , South African President Thabo Mbeki called to congratulate the first African citizen in space .
''It was one of the dangerous procedures and my stomach was in a real knot before it started .
Internet entrepreneur Mark Shuttleworth is only the second person to pay his own way into space , and by the look of it , he considers the money well spent .
''It 's always great to see new faces , " said American astronaut Carl Walz .
" It 's a proud Freedom Day because of what you 've done . "
The three men who have been living on the orbiting outpost since December , and wo n't return to Earth until June , were delighted to have company .
''It 's amazingly roomy , " Shuttleworth told the president .
''I hope that our first steps into space will influence the generation to make that part of their lives , too , " he said .
I ca n't imagine anything that could surpass that . "
''The whole continent is proud that , at last , we have one of our own people from Africa up in space , " said Mbeki , taking part in celebrations for Freedom Day , marking the 1994 elections that ended Apartheid .
How could anybody say we 're treating anybody wrong ?
A sign pointing to Mecca has just been erected , but the defeated fighters are never allowed to forget that America , their sworn enemy , now controls them .
" It bothers me , " he said .
On entering Camp X-Ray , one inmate vowed to kill an American before he left .
" The conditions my men live in are very similar to those of the detainees , " said Col Terry Carrico .
" Our guys are pretty dirty .
" They 're just chilling out , that 's exactly what they 're doing , " said Staff Sgt Chuck Albrecht .
" We 'll probably be giving them moisturiser next . "
" It 's propaganda .
" They 're willing to give their life to take yours . "
" We as well as the British have always been the ones who 've been humane .
" Sometimes you 're afraid for your life because these people are trained to kill you , " said Specialist Fabian Rivas .
They do n't live it , they do n't see it , so how can they talk about it ? "
" God is great , God is great , " the officer chants in Arabic through a loudspeaker .
Soldiers Unite To Defend Camp X-Ray
Staff Sgt Webster was frustrated .
Such incidents have been rare , however , and most of the camp 's 158 Muslim fanatics are compliant , the guards say .
American Marines are bruised by criticism of their treatment of Taliban and al-Qa'eda prisoners , reports Toby Harnden in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba
Like most Marines and MPs making up the 1,200-strong force , Staff Sgt Albrecht is angry at accusations that the detainees have been mistreated .
" I bear witness that Mohammed is his messenger .
There are jokes at Camp X-Ray but the sense of danger is ever present .
If I let it get to me I would have a very hard time doing my job . "
Specialist Rivas said he ignored the press .
Brig Lehnert accepted that the detainees were living in basic conditions but argued that this would improve once permanent facilities were built .
The detainees may be shackled , even as they are operated on at the Gitmo hospital , but they have brand new copies of the Koran and Lively Salon anti-dandruff shampoo that promises " a gentle formula to restore moisture to your beautiful clean hair " .
When the detainees wanted water , they got water , said Staff Sgt Monte Webster , an MP .
Shops and businesses remained closed , and most people simply stayed home , stunned and wondering what would come next .
Chavez had irritated Washington with his close ties to Cuban President Fidel Castro , visits to Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein and to Libya , and criticism of U.S. bombings in Afghanistan .
He accused business leaders of conspiring with major labour groups , the news media and the Roman Catholic hierarchy to overthrow him .
After Thursday 's violence , the high command decided Chavez had to go , and they confronted him en masse in his offices , Anselmi said .
And he had alienated many sectors of Venezuelan society , with his attacks on the news media and Roman Catholic Church leaders , his refusal to consult with business leaders , and his failed attempt to assert government control over labour groups .
" Our interests are in democracy and democratic institutions , " said a senior U.S. official travelling with U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell in Jerusalem .
Opposition to Chavez 's three-year presidency had been growing for some time .
The strike was in support of the protesting executives at the state oil company , Petroleos de Venezuela .
Oil markets have been concerned over supply after Iraq 's decision this week to suspend exports to Israeli allies .
" He has to be held accountable to his country , " Fuemayor said .
The gigantic demonstration in Caracas late Thursday was the culmination of a strike called by the one-million-member Venezuelan Workers Confederation and the business association Fedecamaras .
Domestic opponents claimed his government was secretly arming neighbourhood block committees known as Bolivarian Circles , named after South American liberator Simon Bolivar , to defend his revolution .
Many also resented Chavez 's alleged ties with leftist Colombian guerrillas and with Fidel Castro 's Cuba .
The air force chief , Gen. Regulo Anselmi , said the military urged Chavez on Wednesday to negotiate .
Oil prices dipped on news of Chavez ' downfall , amid expectations of a production increase .
The wave of protests marked the end for a president whose rule had been a stormy one .
Chavez asked to be allowed to go into exile in Cuba , but the military turned him down , army Gen. Roman Fuemayor told Globovision television .
CARACAS , Venezuela ( AP ) - President Hugo Chavez , whose social and economic policies polarized Venezuela and whose friendship with Cuba irritated the United States , resigned under military pressure Friday after a massive opposition demonstration ended in a bloodbath .
Chavez also exasperated Venezuelans with his frequent use of " cadenas " - hours-long presidential speeches that by law had to be broadcast by all Venezuelan TV and radio stations .
With Chavez 's ouster , jubilant executives at Venezuela 's state oil monopoly , who had been engaged in a work slowdown , promised to bring production and exports up to speed as quickly as possible .
Police warned that Chavez supporters reportedly were distributing weapons , especially in the hillside slums surrounding the capital .
The circles were created after Castro urged Chavez 's supporters to organize during a 2000 visit .
The armed forces - which have traditionally strong ties to the U.S. military - resented Chavez 's distancing of Venezuela from Washington , including a decision to suspend Venezuela 's participation in regional military exercises .
Chavez 's government also inherited a staggering $ 21 billion US in back wages and pensions owed workers by previous administrations - a debt he was unable to pay .
He agreed , but by then the Petroleos de Venezuela executives rejected his overtures .
Chavez remains widely popular among Venezuela 's poor , a large percentage of the population .
Chavez was being held at the army base while investigators decide what charges he could face , said army commander Gen. Efrain Vasquez Velasco .
" I urge Venezuelans to maintain calm , to keep faith , to continue working on the road toward democracy , freedom and peace , " said retired Gen. Guaicaipuro Lameda , who until February headed the oil company and was a leader of the movement to oust Chavez .
Thousands of coup supporters celebrated overnight , waving flags , blowing whistles and jamming a main highway in Caracas .
Engineers suspect the one-ton car floated ever so slightly off the rail , causing the magnetic sensors on the bottom of the car to lose contact with a pair of iron strips in the aluminum tracks .
Engineers may adjust the computer software sometime if it becomes more of a nuisance , he said .
NASA blamed the problem on weightlessness .
''I think what we 're finding out as we go through this is how the mobile transporter works in zero-g , " said Ben Sellari , a NASA manager .
However , the MDC dismissed the possibility of participation in such an arrangement .
Bush said : " We are dealing with our friends to figure out how to deal with this flawed election . "
" They seem to think that this will resolve Zimbabwe 's political crisis . "
Straw said Britain did " not recognise the result or its legitimacy " .
US And UK Criticise Mugabe 's Victory
He hinted at a tougher policy against Mugabe , saying that the European Union would review sanctions at an upcoming summit meeting in Barcelona , Spain .
International condemnation of Mugabe 's win mounted yesterday with US President George Bush and British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw delivering further criticism .
" SA wants Mugabe to accommodate the opposition in his new government to form a coalition government , " said an official source .
A computer glitch marred the countdown as engineers frantically reloaded software , finishing the job with just 11 seconds to spare .
" But it 's time to take a ride . "
The launch was a milestone in U.S. space flight .
NASA officials said it was not clear whether the potential problem would delay tonight 's planned launch of space shuttle Endeavour on a station delivery mission .
Everything was turned back on after Russian engineers determined the supply ship was attached securely enough for the steering system to operate .
The concern is that a loose fit might damage the orbiting complex because of the force imparted by a docking shuttle .
It pulled up to the space station right on time , and the linkup initially appeared to go well .
But NASA later said Russian flight controllers outside Moscow did not receive the expected indication that the hooks had closed and latched .
CAPE CANAVERAL -- ( AP ) -- A Russian supply ship docked to the International Space Station on Wednesday , but may not have latched properly into place .
Russian ship might have missed proper linkup with space station
Western governments are lining up to condemn the Mugabe government , while the African bloc appears to have opted for solidarity in support of Mugabe .
It is no surprise that this outcome has now been achieved . "
African observers generally approved of his victory , while Western governments denounced it .
International reaction to the controversial re-election of Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe to another six year term varied widely .
Africa Endorses Mugabe Victory , the West Condemns It
Australia , which with South Africa and Nigeria has been mandated to report on the Zimbabwe presidential poll to the Commonwealth , was equally critical .
The United Nations ' secretary-general , Kofi Annan , appealed for calm after the poll and urged Zimbabweans to refrain from violence .
But the Zimbabwean leader has been silent since his final campaign rally last Friday , though people are eagerly awaiting his victory speech .
He said the result was " illegitimate " and a clear case of " highway robbery " by Mugabe , his government and his party , Zanu-PF .
Tsvangirai warned that his disenfranchised supporters were " seething " but implored them to stay calm .
U.S. President George Bush added his voice on Wednesday night , categorically rejecting Zimbabwe 's presidential poll .
France and Germany also indicated that the election had failed the 'free and fair ' test .
Jack Straw , the foreign secretary of the former colonial power , Britain , which is locked in a verbal war with Mugabe , said the Zimbabwean head of state was bent on achieving " one goal , power at all costs .
The government has rejected all criticism , describing the election as " exemplary , free , fair and peaceful . "
Norway Prime Minister Jan Petersen said in a statement that " The presidential election in Zimbabwe has not satisfied the fundamental requirements for a democratic election . "
That position chimed closely with views expressed by the main Zimbabwean monitoring group , the Zimbabwe Election Support Network which had 400 observers monitoring the poll and have been heavily critical .
The SADC parliamentarians ' view was also echoed by the Norwegian observer delegation which said , on Tuesday , that the election failed to meet international standards .
Mugabe 's main challenger , Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change , has rejected the outcome of the presidential poll .
The Canadian prime minister , Jean Chretien , said the election " does not look very good " .
Western governments disagree .
President Daniel arap Moi of Kenya congratulated Mugabe , calling his victory " testimony of the confidence and high esteem the people of Zimbabwe hold in you . "
Bush 's secretary of state , Colin Powell , earlier concluded : " Mr Mugabe may claim victory , but not democratic legitimacy . "
In sharp contrast to other African observer teams , the forum said the conduct of the elections fell short of regional expectations .
The MDC leader said systematic cheating , spoiling tactics , rigid new laws and sheer obstruction - as well as political violence and intimidation - were just some of the irregularities practised by the authorities in the run-up to , and during the poll .
" We do not recognize the outcome of the election because we think it 's flawed .
" The climate of insecurity obtaining in Zimbabwe since the 2000 parliamentary elections was such that the electoral process could not be said to adequately comply with the norms and standards for elections in the SADC region , " the forum said in a statement .
All three observer teams noted long queues and delays in chaotic voting .
Observer missions from South Africa , Nigeria , Namibia and the Organisation of African Unity ( OAU ) respectively , described the poll as " legitimate " - largely satisfactory and transparent , credible , free and fair .
Facing perhaps a legal challenge from the opposition to his contested electoral victory , Mugabe is becoming increasingly isolated on the international stage .
The South African observer team blamed the long lines of voters unable to vote despite waiting many hours on " administrative oversights " , a description that drew audible laughter from journalists and diplomats attending their press conference in the capital , Harare on Wednesday .
Mugabe 's allies and detractors may all hope that he is spending the time reviewing the tense situation in the country and working out how best to calm fears and concern and rally Zimbabweans together .
We are dealing with our friends to figure out how to deal with this flawed election . "
The president was nowhere to be seen in Harare as his supporters took over the downtown streets of the capital , loudly celebrating his victory .
The Namibians went as far as to say Zimbabwe 's election system was " water tight , without room for rigging " .
" If the people of Zimbabwe have a sense that they have been cheated through the election process , it is possible that some could resort to violence , " said the foreign minister , Alexander Downer .
WHAT THEY SAID : No tears for Tobin , but some for al-Qaeda
On the other hand , U.S. assurances that it 's treating the prisoners humanely do n't mean that 's so . "
" Mr. Tobin seems content to be back home on the Rock playing with his bag of marbles and collecting his parliamentary pension . "
" We ca n't help but wonder if some politicians and civil rights advocates are overreacting when it comes to the treatment of captured al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters by the United States .
And what they have said about him has not been pretty .
The pundits in Ottawa , it seems , have saved all of their praise for John Manley , the new Deputy Prime Minister and a hometown favourite .
In The Kingston Whig-Standard Paul Schliesmann writes , " Canadians do n't need the kind of politician Brian Tobin had become -- flighty , opportunistic and lacking in commitment to his job as a Member of Parliament . "
" No tears will be shed in this corner since Brian Tobin 's departure represents his third consecutive betrayal of voters , " Walter Robinson , federal director of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation and a regular columnist in The Ottawa Sun wrote yesterday .
With some effort , he pins the flailing child down on the changing table only to discover there are no diapers in the house .
A tribunal , formed by the United Nations , must address the issue of these captured fighters and determine how they will be dealt with . "
" Mr. Manley 's continuing responsibility for national security , along with the added clout he gains as Deputy Prime Minister , bodes well for the country . "
The Citizen argues that Canada should " insist " the United States " allow a 'competent tribunal ' to decide the legal status of the detainees , as required by the Geneva Convention .
And Michel Vastel , a columnist in Le Droit , writes a goodbye to his " favourite Newfie . "
" Day One : Brian decides it 's finally time to learn how to diaper the baby .
In an editorial appearing this week , the newspaper is unequivocal in its U.S. support .
He also wrote that while the former minister may have been one of the longest-serving MPs , he was also one of the most " unstable , " noting his career was like a " rough sea , " with highs and lows and never calm .
In the Citizen , columnist Rosa Harris-Adler wrote a devastatingly sarcastic piece , ridiculing Mr. Tobin 's assertion that he was leaving for family reasons .
She chronicles what she imagines his first week post-politics would have been like :
" But that does n't necessarily make them inhumane .
Editorial writers at The Daily Press in Timmins disagree .
The vitriol continues .
By Day Seven , however , Ms. Harris-Adler notes that though Mr. Tobin has finally mastered the diapering process , his " baby " who is 15 years old is " not amused . "
The Sudbury Star agrees : " This conflict must now move to its next stage .
But laws keep us from behaving like them . "
" Even thugs deserve humane treatment , " reads the headline of the Ottawa Citizen editorial .
No one , however , is giving a hearty thumbs up to Mr. Tobin .
" For the U.S. military to treat the prisoners any differently might very well imperil American lives , " reads the editorial .
Brian gives up in confusion . "
" [ Mr. Manley ] has proven to be a sensible manager who Canadians can trust , " says a Sun editorial , observing that he emerged from the Sept. 11 crisis as a " sensible , serious voice in Cabinet . " And the Citizen calls Mr. Manley " competent and scrupulously honest . "
OTTAWA - The plight of prisoners and politicians has been weighing heavily on the minds of editorial writers and pundits in and around the nation 's capital .
" If Osama bin Laden is still alive , we suspect he is giving the civil rights advocates a hearty thumbs up . "
... That might make it more difficult to find Osama bin Laden and his remaining thugs .
" Conditions for detainees in Guantanamo Bay are harsh : wire-mesh cells 2.4 by 1.8 metres , a sleeping mat and blanket , a bucket for a toilet , " writes the Citizen .
Still , before discussing the antics of Mr. Tobin and the elevation of Ottawa 's John Manley to the status of golden boy , there is the controversial , and more pressing , matter of the plight of the al-Qaeda fighters imprisoned at a U.S. military base in Cuba .
It 's been a week now since Jean Chretien 's Cabinet shuffle and the dramatic departure of Brian Tobin -- seven days during which the print pundits have had time to ponder his actions .
He says that Mr. Tobin walked on too many toes , and made too many enemies in Ottawa .
Rather , his sudden departure from politics provoked much criticism .
It is believed that the glass will make it possible to see the satellite at night .
According to the Mission Control , the shuttle 's crew has perfectly accomplished its mission .
The Endeavour shuttle is expected to land on the US Cape Canaveral launch site , Florida , at 08:55 p. m. , Moscow time , the Russian Mission Control reported .
Russia needs space tourists
" There is a free place for the flight in October and we are looking for someone who would like to take it " , he declared .
If you want a holiday in space and have the means to pay for it , Russia offers you the trip of a lifetime .
The majority of the population , who was not delighted with Chavez , was not on their side as well .
Vice-president Diosdado Cabello believes that the Venezuelan coup was thoroughly planned beforehand .
It is hard to forecast the further development of the events in Venezuela .
Vice-president Diosdado Cabello , a Hugo Chavez supporter , is acting president as of now .
There is no doubt that he will dismiss disloyal top officers from the army .
What reforms will be initiated by Hugo Chavez next ?
Once again , events in Venezuela have drawn the close attention of the world 's media .
Hugo Chavez managed to demonstrate astonishing political resistance .
Ordinary Venezuelans are even less happy with the generals and local oligarchic elite .
Time will tell if the president has really learnt a lesson from the situation .
The belt had been especially manufactured in Spain and was later left in the Miraflores presidential palace by the plotters .
Protesters , who ousted Hugo Chavez at the end of the previous week , failed to gain the support of the army .
Carmona and other generals who participated in the coup are now being questioned by public prosecutors .
There were already several suppositions that Hugo Chavez may recover the position , but nobody could suppose the recovery would be so quick .
Chavez supporters say that no witch-hunting will follow and the opposition should not be afraid of persecution .
Indeed , it was clear since the very beginning that Pedro Carmona , who proclaimed himself interim president would care very little for improving ordinary people 's lives .
As for ordinary Venezuelans , they seem to be slightly anxious about the struggle for the presidential post .
Hugo Chavez is very likely to be soon return to the post of president of Venezuela .
Hugo Chavez is not the formal president yet , as he had to resign under the pressure of the plotters .
Venezuelan paratroopers are evidently to profit from the situation .
He has been patronizing his subordinates during his entire presidency and was finally rewarded for his support : the paratroopers helped him regain power .
Hardly had observers even time to get used to the news that Hugo Chavez had lost his presidential post , and then he returned to power .
The planners committed one more mistake when they dissolved the National Assembly and Supreme Court right after the coup .
Chavez says that he has learnt a lesson from the events , and he will be more attentive to the opposition 's opinion in the future .
The Chinese leader said President Mubarak telephoned him after last September 11th incidents urging him to do his best for saving the peace process between Palestinians and Israel .
He said all parties concerned should work for resuming peace negotiations as soon as possible , based on the United Nations resolutions on the Middle East issues , the principle of land for peace and commitment to agreements and notes of understandings which have been reached .
He said China is prepared to cooperate with Egypt in the technological field at various levels , indicating that there are high prospects for cooperation in the fields of scientific research , technology , industry and human resources development .
The Chinese President said his country objects to the Israeli policies represented in military attacks , economic siege on Palestinians and expansion of the Jewish settlements as well as to the acts of violence against innocent civilians .
He said his country has repeatedly , through proper diplomatic channels , urged the Israeli side to fulfill its pledges and to respond favorably to endeavors aimed at reaching a settlement in the Middle East through negotiations .
The Chinese President said the economic open door policy and reform in China has managed to establish a strong economic structure and has enhanced Chinese competitiveness .
He indicated that China would continue to play its role in supporting the peaceful settlement in the Middle East adding that he would discuss with President Bush , who will visit Beijing next month , ways of reactivating the peace process between Palestinians and Israelis .
The Chinese President said China fully supports the restoration by the Palestinian people of their legitimate rights including the right to establish the Palestinian State , adding that China recognized Palestinian State when it was declared in 1988 .
The Chinese President said the key to solve the issue of the Middle East lies in reaching a just settlement for the Palestinian cause and return of the land occupied by Israel .
The Chinese President said the September 11 incidents have shocked the world and imposed many changes , referring to the emergence of problems with universal nature such as international terrorism , adding that multi-polar system is the only guarantee for the establishment of international system .
If Yasser Arafat is trying to do something to pacify the West , other Arab politicians and journalists are not afraid of saying something daring .
Palestinian Alhayat Aljadeeda media outlets and the Voice of Palestine radio repeatedly called America the enemy of the Palestinian people after that " axis of evil " statement .
The editor wrote that Bush showed in his speech that he is craving for blood and is ready to declare war on half of the world in order to take revenge .
The threats to Iran and Iraq were like Hitler 's threats to Poland and Czech republic .
America is axis of evil for the Arab world
The Soviet Union was also called the " evil empire " years ago .
It seemed that such labels would never come into the picture again .
The American president is not really popular in the Arab world .
North Korea said America was the " devil 's empire . " The official Korean news agency stated that Bush used " the hypothetical threat against North Korea as the pretext for the considerable increase of military spending . "
The editor of the Al-Quds newspaper published in London Abd Al-Bari Atvan went further and compared George Bush with Hitler .
George Bush has become an object for harsh criticism after his recent statement about the axis of evil .
The Egyptian governmental newspaper Al-Ahram wrote that Bush used the same language in his State of the Union speech that Osama bin Laden used in his video messages .
However , it is becoming rather fashionable now for countries to exchange harsh words with each other like kids .
Atvan said that Bush 's speech looked like one of Hitler 's .
The editor of the Arabic newspaper believes that one should do everything possible to put an end to Bush 's imprudence , otherwise the war that he is going to have will overshadow the World Wars .
The editor believes that Bush is willing to wage war against Iran and Iraq , because they have weapons of mass destruction , but Bush does not want to notice that Israel also has these kinds of weapons .
Two Russian cosmonauts , Vladimir Dezhurov and Mikhail Tyurin , are expected to perform a space walk on the International Space Station ( ISS ) at about 04:00 PM Moscow time .
According to the Russian Mission Control , the space walk may last from 3 to 6 hours because of the mission 's difficulty .
Experts believe that the 4mm gap between the ship and the station 's docking unit has been caused by an object , which now prevents the tight joining of the two space vehicles .
Otherwise , the dynamic blow of the docking shuttle may set the Russian ship " swaying " which might damage the ISS .
Experts believe that the shuttle will be unable to dock the ISS if the Russian cargo ship is not tightly secured to the station .
The Russian Mission Control also reported that the forthcoming launch of the American Endeavour space shuttle totally depended on the success of the aforementioned " repair works . "
Finally , the document stresses the importance of the Pilot Program for Protection of Tropical Forests ( PPG-7 ) and German participation in the program .
Brasilia , 14 ( Agencia Brasil - ABr ) - In a document entitled Partnership Brasil-Germany : Action Plan , both countrires have expressed interest in seeing the Kyoto Protocol take effect by the Sustainable Development Summit ( Rio+10 ) , that takes place in South Africa , next September .
Brazil and Germany also call on other countries to ratify the protocol and work to enforce it .
The document also states that Brazil and Germany intend to expand cooperation in the area of environment and sustainable development .
Both countries expect to present common positions at the Rio+10 meeting .
Brazil and Germany call for implementation of Kyoto Protocol by September
The real challenge facing Argentina is how its economy will manage to survive the onslaught of the international credit vultures ready to tear its members apart .
The fact that a right-wing party has conquered an absolute majority in Argentina proves the desperation of the people , although 41 % of the population voted with spoiled or void votes .
The more the poles part , the further the political and social distance between the parts .
The results of the elections were to be expected in view of the catastrophic economic situation of the majority of the country 's citizens .
Once again , the governing class of a South American country has proved itself utterly unable to come to terms with the needs of the population , basically because it has become removed from the reality of the country .
Argentina has an ever-growing rate of poverty , which defies logic given the enormous land/population ratio , with the richest soil in South America .
IMF refuses to help Argentina pay 132 bn USD debt
Argentina was expecting to receive 1.3 billion USD to help the state meet its immediate expenses but after an unfavourable report submitted by Thomas Reichmann , it was decided that now is not " the right moment " to lend any more money .
Iran , Sunday last week , sent congratulations to Venezuela on hearing of the return of the rule of law and reinstatement of the legitimate government of President Chavez after the two-day military collapsed .
Chavez , whose mandate was due to end in 2006 , was forced out of office by the country 's armed forces who blamed him for the deaths of 15 people during demonstrations in the streets of central Caracas against an opposition protest which later became violent .
Referring to the difficult period the venezuelan nation went through in the past week , President Chavez said the anti-democractic attempts to topple his government failed with the help of the Almighty God and the people .
Tehran , April 20 , IRNA -- President Mohammad Khatami on Friday evening congratulated the Venezuelan government and nation for the victory and restoration of the legitimate government of President Hugo Chavez after a failed military coup in that country .
Chavez is a staunch supporter of oil production cuts in order to boost prices in the world market .
Khatami congratulates Venezuelan nation for Chavez ' return
During a telephone conversation , President Khatami told his Venezuelan counterpart , President Hugo Chavex , that the return of the legitimate president and government to power was a victory of justice and freedom .
The Iranian president also expressed the hope that with the return of President Chavez the Venezuelan government would be able to achieve its exalted objectives with the support of the people .
On Saturday it condemned the the ouster of the democratically elected president of Venezuela , saying , " resorting to a coup and the use of force is not an acceptable method to bring about political change and the method is not in conformity with the norms of present human society . "
Referring to the objective of those who were behind the military coup in Venezuela , Chavez said they wwanted to have Venezuela come out from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) and therefore tried to produce more oil in order to undermine the organization .
The two presidents expressed a mutual desire to meet in the near future .
President Chavez thanked President Khatami for his telephone call and wished success for the Iranian government and nation .
He initiated a successful Caracas OPEC summit in September 2000 , the second in the 40-year existence of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries .
According to UN Information Center in Tehran , he appealed for national reconciliation and underscored the importance of an inclusive democratic system in the country .
Tehran , April 16 , IRNA -- United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan telephoned Hugo Chavez , President of Venezuela on April 15 to express satisfaction that the process of restoring constitutional order in Venezuela was underway .
The Secretary-General welcomed the return of calm to the country , and noted his readiness to assist in the effort to strengthen the democratic dialogue , the rule of law and human rights in Venezuela .
In response , President Chavez reiterated his commitment to the principles of constitutional rule , legality and democracy and his determination to pursue a broad-based national dialogue .
Annan welcomes restitution of constitution in Venezuela
Brasilia , 13 ( Agencia Brasil - ABr ) - Today president Fernando Henrique Cardoso declared that the US decision to adopt measures to control greenhouse gases is positive , even though there was a formal decision not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol .
I hope the measures adopted domestically will have the same effect as adhering to the Kyoto Protocol , " said Cardoso .
" The United States is an important party to the convention .
Cardoso says US decision on greenhouse gases is positive
Therefore , the " Chinese Gagarin " will probably say " Go ! " no later than 2005 .
The current goal is to examine the module and its contents ( like in the first two cases ) .
The Soviet Union can launch ambassador Liu Xiao into space !
The 47th congress of the International Federation of Astronautics that took place six years ago in Beijing was remarkable for the large number of cosmonauts who participated .
However , it is evident now that China has reliable rocket systems ; it has mastered the art of space navigation and soft landing of a spaceship .
Here is an interesting detail from his unpublished " Moscow speech " that was delivered to Chinese students studying in Russia .
Mao Tse-tung was passionate about this idea .
The " elder brother " ( the Chinese people used to call the Soviet Union this ) was not against helping the " younger brother " in the field of modernization .
As China 's experts believe , there should be at least four test unmanned flights performed before they can launch a man into space .
This can partially be explained with the third position on the rating .
China will not agree to put its citizens on a foreign spaceship , as it must launch its own space vehicle from its own cosmodrome .
Chinese space exploration : When will a Chinese cosmonaut fly into space ?
China knows how to build its own spaceships , and there are people who can become cosmonauts .
That speech was delivered on November 15 , 1957 , and the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China authorized its rocket production program a year before that , in October of 1956 ( on Mao Tse-tung 's initiative ) .
The choice was made for a site in the Gobi Desert .
Was it only the wish of socialist propaganda in those words ?
Two years ago , in October of 1955 , Beijing received a person with the reputation of the " Chinese Korolev " Qian Xuesen , who came to China from the USA , where he had settled after graduating from Shanghai university , so it would be better to call him " Chinese von Broun . "
Cardoso made his remarks as he sent congress a message calling for ratification of the Kyoto Protocol by Brazil and committing the country to reducing greenhouse emissions by 5.2 % by 2012 .
Cardoso also said he believes the US is committed to joining other nations in fighting the problem and will adopt domestic measures , although they have formally renounced the Kyoto Protocol .
Brasilia , 13 ( Agencia Brasil - ABr ) - President Fernando Henrique Cardoso said today that he does not believe the United States will interfere in international negotiations on controlling greenhouse gas emissions .
Brazil hopes US will not interfere in greenhouse effect negotiations
Brasilia , 16 ( Agencia Brasil - ABr ) - President Fernando Henrique Cardoso says that the principal challenge facing the president of Venezuela , Hugo Chavez , is reestablish normalcy following the conflicts of last week .
Chavez told Cardoso he has no intention of seeking revenge against the military personnel who supported the failed attempt to remove him from office .
Cardoso spoke of opening communication channels and achieving social harmony .
Cardoso says main challenge facing Chavez is reestablishing normalcy
Former president of the United States , Jimmy Carter , has come out in support of Chavez 's promise to set up dialogue tables and is scheduled to visit Venezuela in the near future .
" I only ask of all Argentines one thing : keep up the hope , " Duhalde said .
" Get out ! Get out ! " people chanted , venting their anger at Duhalde 's government .
The protest marked the first organized protest , led by labor and neighborhood groups who also called for the protest via e-mail and the Internet .
Under a driving rain , more than 10,000 Argentines banged pots and pans in the Plaza de Mayo to protest the banking freeze , shouting insults at the country 's political leaders , the Supreme Court , and banks - all of whom the Argentines blame for plunging the country into its worst economic crisis in decades .
Violent protests in Argentina ; president Duhalde calls for calm
Duhalde , who took office on January 2 as Argentina 's fifth president in a month , vowed his government would unveil a new economic program to rescue the country from four years of recession .
The beleaguered president made no mention of the widely despised banking freeze that has presented a nettlesome challenge to his three-week-old administration : how to give Argentines their savings back without prompting an all-out collapse of the financial system .
" We ca n't solve all of the country 's problems in three weeks , " he told local radio , hours after tens of thousands of Argentines took to the streets around the country in a pot-banging demonstration .
Rock-throwing youths responded as the rally wound down .
" I 'm only here for two years , and my promise is that at the end of my term , I 'll leave the country back on track .
BUENOS AIRES - President Eduardo Duhalde yesterday pleaded for patience as he works on the country 's economic crisis .
But what began as a peaceful protest in downtown Buenos Aires , later turned violent as riot police riding on motorcycles used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse hundreds of peaceful demonstrators .
Late Friday night , Argentines ' impatience peaked , and Duhalde faced the second and most widespread protest since he assumed the presidency after similar protests forced his predecessors from office .
Daily protests have engulfed Argentina : Popular rage has boiled over against Duhalde 's decision to devalue the peso by more than 30 percent and further tighten a banking freeze that has locked most Argentines ' savings into bank accounts .
Although High Contracting Parties to the Convention have affirmed the Convention 's de jure applicability to the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , Israel maintains its refusal to respect its obligations as an Occupying Power , which would include the dismantling of its illegal settlements in that Territory in addition to not exporting any products from them .
The 1949 Fourth Geneva Convention clearly states that any settlement that the Occupying Power creates in an Occupied Territory is illegal and considered a war crime .
RAMALLAH ( Palestine Media Center ) : Signaling a toughening policy towards the illegal Israeli settlements , the European Union 's ( EU ) Origin Committee , which consists of customs experts and commissioners , is to discuss imposing taxes on all Israeli goods produced in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem as well as the occupied Golan Heights .
While Israel rejects the EU plan for political and economic reasons , the EU affirms its position of not recognizing the Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territory as a legitimate part of Israel .
The move , which follows the European Union 's rejection of Israel 's military occupation of the Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , was the subject of European debate and Israeli objection in the past .
And while the Israeli settlement products only amount to US $ 100 million of the US $ 8 billion Israel gains annually from its exports to Europe , Israeli officials have expressed their worry over the committee 's deliberations .
In November of last year , the EU had issued a warning to European importers , specifying that Israeli exports originating in the Occupied Palestinian Territory as well as the Golan Heights were not included in the free trade agreement with Israel .
It also signals the EU 's discontent over Israel 's refusal to provide it with a list of the Israeli factories operating in the Occupied Palestinian and Arab Territories .
In an interview with the Qatari Al Jazeera television network , Burg denounced the policy , much to the displeasure of Israeli officials and right-wing MPs .
Israeli Parliament Speaker Slams Zionist Occupation
He repeatedly said that the occupation of the Palestinian territories could lead to corruption in Israel and would only create scandals for the regime .
Earlier this week some 50 Israeli army officers were reported to have been on strike and refused to attack Palestinian ruled areas in protest of the occupation policies of the Zionist regime .
They said fighting for the settlers who had occupied the Palestinian lands was by no means a defensive act , and was merely part of the criminal policies of Israel .
TEHRAN In a rare move on Tuesday , Israeli Parliament Speaker Avraham Burg condemned the Zionist regime 's occupation of Palestinian territories .
Already , Washington 's refusal to grant them official prisoner-of- war status has sparked protests from human rights groups , and a disagreement with the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) , which oversees the Geneva Conventions .
" There are a bunch of lawyers who are looking at all these treaties and conventions and everything , trying to figure out what is appropriate , " Mr. Rumsfeld told reporters last week .
PARIS - The future of the Taliban and Al Qaeda fighters being held in Cuba is as unclear as the view through the darkened goggles they were made to wear when they stepped off the plane at the US military base in Guantanamo Bay .
That description severely reduces the rights that the men would have as POWs under the Geneva Conventions , and prompted a rebuttal from the International Red Cross .
US officials say that the foreign prisoners captured in Afghanistan are not covered by the third Geneva Convention because they were " bands of people that I do n't think would meet the criteria of organized military activity , " as Pentagon spokeswoman Susan Hanson put it .
But Saudi or Egyptian detainees , for example , could face mistreatment at the hands of their governments , which means Washington would be forbidden by international law to hand them over .
Little is clear , however .
It is also unclear what would constitute an end to the war on terrorism .
Meanwhile Pentagon legal experts are currently working on a procedure to decide on the prisoners ' fate .
The Pentagon has also stressed that the prisoners are being well treated , given three " culturally appropriate meals " a day , and the opportunity to shower , exercise , and receive medical attention .
" They are a bit of a tangle , these people , " says Prof. Roberts .
And if some individuals were found to be a continued danger , the US authorities would be reluctant to release them .
" This is one reason why the Americans are nervous about applying the POW convention in all its glory , " says Adam Roberts , an expert on international law at Oxford University in England , and editor of " Documents on the Laws of War . "
Human rights organizations , however , have raised questions about the prisoners ' housing conditions , which according to the Geneva Convention should be the same standard of those enjoyed by their guards .
" I do n't think anything quite like this was envisioned when the Geneva Conventions were drawn up , " says Tom Farer , dean of Denver University 's Graduate School of International Studies and a former special assistant to the Defense Department 's special counsel .
" We say they should be presumed to be POWs , and it is not up to the ICRC or to the US military authorities to decide , but up to the courts , " said Michael Kleiner , an ICRC spokesman .
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld told re- porters that " we do plan to , for the most part , treat them in a manner that is reasonably consistent with the Geneva Conventions , to the extent that they are appropriate . "
" What is worrying , " adds Prof. Roberts , " is that by calling these people 'battlefield detainees ' , the United States seems to be creating a legal limbo where it is not clear what the legal standards are . "
" If US POWs were ever kept under these conditions , the United States would complain , and rightly so , " says James Ross , a senior legal adviser with the New York-based Human Rights Watch .
He recalled that a US court determined that former Panamanian strongman Manuel Noriega was a POW , despite the government 's refusal to classify him as such following his capture .
But he was careful to refer to the prisoners as " unlawful combatants " or " battlefield detainees , " not prisoners of war .
The issue goes to the heart of the US administration 's hopes of prosecuting Al Qaeda leaders suspected of involvement in terrorist attacks against US targets .
Rather , it appears to be sidestepping the conventions in order to craft an unusual legal strategy that will enable it to try Al Qaeda suspects in special US military tribunals .
He emphasized the importance of bilateral cooperation between the two continents in dealing with environmental issues , noting that this meeting will serve as a foundation for Asia and Europe 's future cooperation .
The Vietnamese Minister called for the establishment of a cooperation forum on the environment which will be held every two years within the Asia-Europe Environment Cooperation Program .
The ASEM EnMM concluded in Beijing on 17 January with the adoption of a Statement of the Presidium calling for an early implementation of the Kyoto Protocol as well as cooperation and dialogue between ASEM members .
Vietnamese Minister of Science , Technology and Environment Chu Tuan Nha told the first Asia-Europe Meeting [ ASEM ] Environment Ministers ' Meeting [ ASEM EnMM ] in Beijing recently that Vietnam always values environmental protection , including prevention of pollution or degradation , bio-diversity protection , and improvement of the environment in industrial zones and in both urban and rural areas .
Many Americans have given evidence to prove the wrong judgment of their administration against human rights in other countries , especially in Vietnam .
The United States has been preparing annual reports on human rights in 190 countries for 25 years while ignoring the real situation at home .
Many countries in Asia , Europe , Africa , and Latin America have rejected the content of the US Human Rights Report , calling it a brazen distortion of the situation , a wrongful and illegitimate move , and an interference in the internal affairs of other countries .
These facts are well understood by the US Administration as human rights violations take place every day .
The British News Agency Reuters remarked that in the 2000 human rights report , the United States criticized Egypt for trying suspected terrorists in military courts .
The Annual Human Rights Report released by the US State Department is not convincing as it is inaccurate and fabricated .
However , such a criticism is absent in the 2001 human rights report as the United States is planning to try the al-Qa'ida and Taliban detainees in military courts while refusing to grant them POW status .
The US judgment of the practice of human rights depends on US interests as well .
In light of the United States ' malicious goals , its Annual Human Rights Report for 2001 is facing strong protest and criticism from the world .
Though the report has been made public for 10 days , its contents , which are inaccurate and lacking good will , continue to be commented on by the world media .
In the United States , torture and pressure to confess crime is common .
Many people have been sentenced to death for crime they did not commit as a result of an unjust legal system .
Evidence show that human rights violations in the United States have been ignored for many years .
It is clear that the United States pays no attention to fundamental human rights unless they serve its political purpose .
The Annual Human Rights Report of the US State Department has been strongly criticized and condemned by many countries .
The article stressed that people in Vietnam are free to practice any religion , whether they are buddhists , catholics , or protestants .
Recently , the Information Office of the Chinese People 's Congress released a report on human rights in the United States in 2001 , criticizing violations of human rights there .
The Washington Times last weekend carried an article by Andrew Welsdan , a representative of the US Fund for Reconciliation and Development , rejecting the report 's allegation of human rights in Vietnam .
World analysts remarked that the US evaluation of the practice of human rights in other countries depends on the level of political relations between the United States and those countries .
Since Japan has no spirit of independence and has always acted on US directions , Japan had continued to put off Diet ratification of the protocol and took such an attitude at the UN session held this time , under the plausible pretext that it would be meaningless to put the " Kyoto Protocol " into force , if the United States were excluded .
Of course , behind the Japan 's behavior lies its stakes .
Accordingly , Japan would never readily agree on putting the " Kyoto Protocol " into force .
At the 1997 conference , representatives of many countries of the world supported and welcomed the adoption of the " Kyoto Protocol " as an epoch-making measure to curb the warming of the earth 's surface and atmosphere .
Never doing anything unprofitable is the nature of Japan .
In the midst of this situation , a Japanese official visited the United States and received the instruction that Japan should avoid inordinate behavior with respect to the issue of implementing the " Kyoto Protocol . "
Here , Japan and other developed countries have to assume especially large responsibilities .
However , as was revealed this time , Japan , which was in a position to take the lead to solve the environmental problems , attempted to back away from solving the problems .
As is feared by the whole world , preservation of the environment is becoming an awfully grave and pressing problem that is linked to the existence of mankind .
At present , the global warming is a most serious issue , whose gravity is second only to that of a nuclear war .
To do all these things , it needs a tremendous amount of money for investment .
Japan calculated that it would suffer a tremendous loss , if the draft regulations were ever passed intact and would be adopted as a legal document .
In the course of calculating the gains and losses of the " Kyoto Protocol " and trying to figure out what it should do , Japan found a good excuse .
Emphasizing the significance of the adoption of the " Kyoto Protocol , " Japan loudly trumpeted at that time that the adoption of the protocol was " produced by the role " Japan had played .
On the pretext of the US opposition , Japan was attempting to realize its own objective .
Japan should be condemned by the world for that .
This shows how capricious Japan is and how frequently it changes its stand when the stakes matter the most .
Nonetheless , Japan is backing away from resolving the issue , although it is in a position to play a leading role .
It was expected that the protocol would be ratified by the countries that signed it and would have a legal binding force .
The great leader [ yongdoja ] Comrade Kim Chong-il has pointed out the following : " We should conduct proper research work to protect the environment , such as the air and water , in order to maintain people 's health and provide them with more hygienic and civilized living conditions . "
In discussing the draft regulations to put the " Kyoto Protocol " into force , Japan openly took issue with the draft regulations only because the contents of the regulations were not in its favor .
Nonetheless , Japan , changing its stand this time , opposed the draft regulations to put the " Kyoto Protocol " into force and even called for liquidation of the draft .
What Japan is doing with respect to the issue of putting the " Kyoto Protocol " into force is tantamount to an act of betrayal against mankind in the effort to protect human lives , health , and the earth 's atmosphere .
How the problems of the global warming and environmental preservation are handled today will have a major impact on the lives and health of people as well as the future development of the world .
The session of the United Nations Framework Convention for Climate Change held this time was to reach on an actual agreement regarding regulatory problems that have to be solved to put the " Kyoto Protocol " adopted in 1997 into force , so that the world may reduce the greenhouse effect and ecological damage , which are becoming more serious with each passing day , protect human lives and health , and provide favorable conditions for the promotion of human civilization .
At the United Nations Framework Convention for Climate Change held recently in Morocco , Japan laid artificial obstacles to the session by seeking its own profit .
This is the reason why many people of the world today are demanding that the world take concrete measures for protecting the environment , as they have come to realize its importance .
If Japan is to achieve this goal , it will have to put a lot of effort .
Japan will be unable to escape stronger denunciation and more serious isolation from the world , if it continues to seek only its own profit and create stumbling blocks , and does not do what it is supposed to do to prevent the global warming and seek environmental preservation .
The United States , which has to do the most to implement the " Kyoto Protocol , " has come out opposing the draft regulations .
That was a hint that it would not be good for Japan to play a leading role in dealing with a matter detrimental to US interests .
It grudgingly agreed to it only when some countries made concessions and made amendments to the draft .
Japan even called for working out practical measures to have it enter into force .
All the world 's countries and peoples are affected by climate changes but it is the poor countries that are being hit the hardest .
How must local societies organize themselves if a couple of hurricanes every year become normal ?
An offensive climate police will bring costs with it .
" The government wants to point to a significant reduction of climate gate emissions before 2005 after Norway has ratified the Kyoto Protocol in the course of the year , " Environmental Protection Minister Borge Brende has written .
Between now and 2008 , the government 's environmental initiative will be given concrete form in a report to the Storting this spring , in which an early quota system will occupy a central place .
The explanation is that the increased concentration of climate gases in the atmosphere and the slowness of the climate system will make a certain degree of global warming unavoidable .
According to the United Nations ' climate panel , in the next 10 to 20 years changes in the climate will be almost unaffected by what we do in the way of initiatives in the next few years to reduce emissions of climate gases .
Even if developing countries have contributed to these climate problems to just a slight degree , they will nevertheless bear the greatest burden .
The consensus that has been achieved internationally about the period 2008-2012 is just the first step down the road .
But if we do not make these expenditures now , the bill for the generations to come will be even bigger .
Norway should be in the forefront of combating climate problems .
For later periods , sharper reductions are necessary and there is also the need to get more countries to take on climate obligations .
The use of quotas will be a cost-effective means of achieving better results .
For that reason the rich countries-those making the climate worse-must go on the offensive to solve the problems we ourselves have created .
Regardless of the shape of the measures in Norway , Norwegian businesses as well ought to contribute to reducing emissions in poor countries .
This gives us a special responsibility in climate policy-not least vis-a-vis the poorest countries .
A proposal for an early quota system will be at the center of this report .
There is consensus that a broad quota system with international quota exchange should be used to achieve our emission responsibilities during the first obligatory period , 2008-2012 .
How should we prepare ourselves for more and bigger floods ?
The government 's policy statement states , among other things , that the establishment of a national quota system should be speeded up .
The main conclusions were that the trend toward warmer weather and more precipitation will presumably continue .
I am pleased that there now seems to be broad political consensus that in Norway as well we should get under way with an early quota system .
What consequences will the increase in temperature have for raising livestock and fish ?
The elements in a more offensive climate policy are : Initiatives between now and 2008 : The government wants to show demonstrable progress in the reduction of climate emissions by 2005 .
These extrapolations of the state of the climate are not completely reliable .
There exists the potential for significant reductions in climate gas emissions in Norway that will not produced with today 's resources .
Norway still wants to play an active role in this process .
In the Sem statement the coalition government warned of a more offensive climate policy .
Regardless of what Norway and other countries manage to do in this respect , we must prepare ourselves for climate changes .
Businesses that are obligated by a quota can then choose whether they want to buy those quotas they need or introduce measures to reduce emissions .
The challenge will be to introduce the most cost-effective climate policy possible and at the same time take Norwegian business and industry 's competitiveness into consideration .
In addition to being effective , an early quota system would also give business and industry useful experience before the international quota system following the Kyoto Protocol comes into effect in 2008 .
The government wants to set the stage for Norway to ratify the Kyoto Protocol next year .
Will climate changes produce new types of pests that will create problems ?
Even if we can say with great certainty that climate changes will come , we need more knowledge about the effects .
We must avoid seeing environmental problems increase the social differences in the world .
For the next few years our goal is to both gain more knowledge and put together good preparedness strategies .
Norway and other industrialized countries , on the other hand , have fairly good prospects of grappling with climate changes because we have an economy to put necessary measures to work .
This our conscience ought not to permit us .
Norway and the other rich countries have a moral responsibility to achieve real reductions .
The government wants to play an active role internationally but we should also work on reducing emissions here at home .
They explain that this agreement is an important step for the EU in fulfilling the political pledge to achieve ratification of the Protocol before the Johannesburg summit on sustainable development .
However , the letter emphasizes that for the Kyoto Protocol to be able to enter into force in the near future it is not enough for EU ratification to be guaranteed and they thus urge Putin to ensure that Russia also moves ahead with ratification .
In the letter , to which Efe has had access , Aznar and Prodi explain that on 4 March the council of EU environment ministers agreed the adoption of a decision for approval of the Kyoto Protocol on climate change on behalf of the European Community .
They make this request " convinced of the Russian Federation 's resolute commitment to the Kyoto Protocol " and believing that in this manner the EU and Russia would continue to show the " leadership " which they believe they have shared " with such fruitful results , in international cooperation in the fight against climate change " .
" Therefore , we have complete confidence that the instruments of ratification of the European Community and of the 15 member states will be able to be lodged with the Secretariat of the United Nations within the time scale anticipated , in other words , in early June of this year , " they add .
To this end , Aznar and Prodi report that only the internal ratification processes in each of the member states have now to be concluded and they emphasize that these are at an advanced stage and in some cases have been completed .
Spanish premier , EU leader urge Russia to ratify Kyoto Protocol Text of report by Spanish news agency Efe Barcelona , 14 March : The current president of the EU , Jose Maria Aznar , and the president of the European Commission , Romano Prodi , have handed over a letter to Russian President Vladimir Putin in which they urge him to promote the ratification by Russia of the Kyoto Protocol on climate change .
Thus , even though Uncle Sam 's certain worries are justified , his hegemonic way of setting the rules all by himself is hardly convincing .
It is reported that the US Armed Forces are regarding the captives interned in Guantanamo as dangerous terrorists and Islamic Muslims .
The first-day menu for the prisoners shows that they had a package of vacuum-packed Italian vegetable noodle and a package containing peanuts , granola bars , and a box of colorful , sugar-coated cereal , a favorite of American young people .
They say that that there are too many restrictions in the camp , the cells are too small ... Mary Robinson , senior UN special commissioner for human rights , said : " We must urge the United States to pay attention to respecting the obligations prescribed in international law . "
Christopher , a physician working in the prisoners ' camp , said : " We really treat them well . "
Evidently , after the September 11 pains , the US Government is harboring deep hatred for these prisoners .
This violates the international norms and is not in line with the proper procedures . "
Because the prisoners have the dual identities being the enemies and the weaker parties , the US Government must not act as if it is venting its personal grudge against them while detaining them .
While mankind has unquestionably become more civilized with respect to " humanitarian treatment for POWs " today on the basis of the principles in international law in comparison with ancient times when POWs were slaughtered or enslaved , we should watch out for the possible regression in this regard .
The Detainees ' Status -- an Issue Concerning Their Life and Death After visiting the Guantanamo prisoners ' camp , many international organizations and media are accusing the United States of being too harsh for the prisoners .
This is the first time in war history that " terrorists " have become war prisoners .
If the above reports were true , then the treatment for the prisoners would be beyond reproach .
However , these are merely superficial issues concerning the Guantanamo detainees .
All the captive camps should have enough room for this purpose .
If the United States insisted that these prisoners are to be tried at a military tribunal , it is almost certain that they will be sentenced to death .
A British newspaper maintains that the " X-ray prison camp " in Guantanamo is full of " cruelties " and " torture . " British Secretary of Foreign Affairs Straw said : " All detainees , regardless of their identities , should receive the treatment in line with the humanitarian spirit and the principles of international law . " Ann Crawd [ name transliterated ] , chairwoman of the UN Human Rights Commission , pointed out : " The United States shall not play with human rights and may not violate the Geneva Convention Relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War that we have signed . " US Strategy -- a Strategy for Testing the Next Moves The US move of disclosing the state of the detainees in Guantanamo and allowing international organizations and the media to inspect is a wise one , otherwise the international community will have all sorts of misgivings about the treatment for the detainees .
The prisoners in the orange one-piece overall not only can not move freely , but they may not be able to breathe normally .
They shall receive humanitarian treatment , and they shall especially not be subjected to any outrage , coercion and humiliation , or harassment by the curious public .
Becoming a captive after being defeated in a war apparently is bad , but being not treated as a " prisoner of war [ POW ] " is even worse .
Certain American people also maintain that the US way of treating the prisoners is not reproachable .
They shall be tried with US soldiers in the same court for war crime .
It may even want to seek revenge and use them to reassert its authority .
Now that these prisoners are in its hands , it is not likely that the US Government will let them off easily .
The exercise should include sports , games and outdoor activities .
Apparently the international community does not support the US viewpoint and measures .
While the international community does not have any universally acknowledged definition for " terrorist , " there is also not any established provision in international law for assessing the punishments for " terrorists . " In particular , there is not any precedence to be used as reference .
The international community , however , has different descriptions and views on this issue .
After winning the war , the US Government has come up with many other excuses to deny the captives ' POW status .
US Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld said that the Afghanistan 's Taliban and " al-Qaeda " members are " unlawful combatants , " not " POWs , " and so the United States would not treat them as POWs and they would not enjoy any rights prescribed in the Geneva Convention on POWs .
The Convention 's provisions are : POWs shall be protected under all circumstances .
This is the crux of the issue .
Taking these factors into consideration , Powell , a soldier-turned statesman and a moderate , advised Bush : We might as well give the Guantanamo detainees the POW status .
What appears does not seem to be what the United States wants , however .
Before the war , the United States appeared as an upholder of justice ; while it still wants to handle problems like an upholder of justice after the war , it must win support .
The core issue is whether the Taliban and al-Qaeda members are " POWs " or " unlawful combatants . " Avna Kidlon [ name as transliterated ] , senior policy advisor to Amnesty International , said : " The status of the detainees is an issue concerning their life or death .
Under the request of organizations , such as the International Red Cross , and the media , the United States let them go to Guantanamo to inspect the situation of the detainees there .
One thing the international community feels incomprehensible is that why are these Taliban and " al-Qaeda " members not considered as POWs since , before the war they were organized combatants , the battles they fought were also organized resistance , and they were obviously captured in battles during the war ?
While these foods are strange to the prisoners , the United States has indeed abided by the dietary rules that Muslims have to follow .
Without a doubt , the United States ' " willfulness " is what has greatly annoyed some countries and international organizations .
However , respect for human and their rights is an expression of mankind 's progress , and the United States always underscores these values and ideas .
POWs shall have the opportunity to exercise .
If similar problems occur in the future , other countries will have no universally-acknowledged rules to follow .
Before the war , US President Bush , in his war mobilization speech , declared that the country was in a state of war .
Clothing , underwear , and footwear shall be supplied to POWs in sufficient quantity by the Detaining Power ; and they must be adequate for ensuring POWs ' health .
Thus , the United States can not simply consider this issue as " contradiction between the enemy and itself , " it must also consider international relations .
Thus , the prisoners ' living conditions in that day were basically transparent .
If it chooses to characterize these detainees as POWs , then it must release some of them sooner or later and it is very likely that these people will again attack the United States with terrorist means .
But people still question why the US Government refuses to characterize the detainees in Guantanamo as prisoners of war while claiming that the treatment for them is in line with the Geneva Convention on POWs .
The current treatment for the detainees : The prisoners were brought to the prisons in a brutal manner .
Housing conditions for POWs should be the same as those of the troops stationing in the Detaining Power in the same area .
If the United States chooses to disregard the Geneva Convention the way it follows this time , the legality and sanctity of international law will be substantially reduced .
In short , they are not allowed to move freely .
What worries the West and some other countries most is that , if the United States refuses to treat these detainees as POWs , then their soldiers may be treated the same way as the Guantanamo prisoners should they be captured by the Taliban remnants and other radical organizations when they take part in the United Nations ' peace-keeping missions .
The use of tobacco shall be permitted .
Now let us compare the convention 's provisions and the media 's descriptions of the detainees in terms of their dignity , lodging , clothing , activities and trial .
Basing on the media reports , the US Government has many things to consider on this issue .
There should be a jury , and they are entitled to appeal .
Reprisal against the prisoners of war shall be prohibited .
A medium has this description for the Guantanamo prisoners ' camp : The 2.5-square meter cement cell is way below the standards of cells built for American prisoners .
Therefore , on the issue of defining these prisoners ' " status , " the United States must test the attitudes of the international community , especially the attitudes of European countries .
They say that these captives not only receive humanitarian treatment , their religious belief is also respected .
This provision shall be applicable in POWs ' dormitories , such as the total area and the minimum cubic space .
Besides , he said , each prisoner has a " Koran " and can even receive a mat for prayer .
These prisoners not only are citizens of the belligerent country , but also are citizens of nonbelligerent countries , even citizens of the United States ' allies , such as Britain .
Moreover , the Taliban and " al-Qaeda " members came from many countries in the world and the " POW " issue involves the laws and dignity of many countries .
Protesters carried banners reading , " Ratify the Kyoto Protocol , " and " Koizumi say 'No ' to Bush : Stick to Kyoto Protocol . "
The demonstration came amid heightened security around the embassy as well as elsewhere in Tokyo for the president 's visit .
On Thursday , Bush unveiled the new plan that calls for voluntary limits on greenhouse gas emissions by companies in accordance with economic growth instead of mandatory reduction targets .
Meanwhile , Peace Boat also handed a separate letter addressed to the president to the guard , calling on the U.S. to take leadership in helping developing countries through " peaceful dialogue and fair economic support . "
The Kyoto Protocol is the only existing international framework to prevent dangerous climate change , " it added .
" We think this plan can not be an 'alternative ' to Kyoto Protocol because it would allow the current greenhouse gas emissions of the United States to increase by around 30 % compared to 1990 level in 2010 , " the letter said .
About 50 members of various Japanese and U.S. nongovernmental organizations ( NGOs ) opposed to the U.S. alternative to the 1997 pact gathered around 1 p.m .
Environmentalist groups staged a protest against the U.S. alternative to the Kyoto Protocol on curbing global warming near the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo on Sunday prior to President George W. Bush 's arrival in the capital .
" We demand of you , Mr. President , to reconsider your climate policy plan immediately and re-enter the Kyoto Protocol .
Bush sparked international outcry when he rejected the Kyoto Protocol last March , saying it would mean sacrificing U.S. economic growth .
It is very regrettable that the United States has taken a negative stand , " Masaaki Nakajima of Friends of the Earth ( FoE ) Japan said .
In reference to the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington last year , the letter said , " Do n't push the Japanese government or any other government to cooperate in your 'war against terrorism ' . "
In the letter , the NGOs said , " We , Japanese environmental NGOs concerned about climate change , were terribly dismayed by your new climate change plan . "
It also called on the U.S. to stop all air raids on Afghanistan , cease nuclear experiments and reduce U.S. military bases in Japan , among other requests .
Kiko Network also sent an e-mail message to Koizumi urging the premier to call on Bush to return to the Kyoto Protocol at an early stage and to inform him of Japan 's plan to ratify the Kyoto Protocol after the Diet approves ratification during the current Diet session .
" We can not accept it by any means .
The long- standing ties Bush and several of his leading advisors have with these companies allow us to suppose an ultimate conflict of interests that would only increase with the government 's persistent alignment with their goals .
The Enron scandal is already taking a significant political toll of the Bush team , which will tend to increase .
But what the US Government does not emphasize is that the natural tendency of the economy is for services to increase their participation in the GDP , and for industrial activities , which are the biggest energy consumers , to diminish .
However , after a brief period of shock , Bush resumed his solitary road , as he clearly demonstrated in his State of the Union speech , in which he threatened the " Axis of Evil " countries ( Iran , Iraq , and North Korea ) without consulting the Europeans and Japanese , who do not necessarily agree with the appropriateness of antagonizing the governments of those nations .
After the World Trade Center and Pentagon tragedies , there were some who thought that Washington 's rapprochement with its traditional partners was inevitable , with the goal of defeating the threat of international terrorism .
The break with Kyoto had been a pre-attack marker in the Bush administration , for having demonstrated the latter 's absolute indifference to the opinion of even its closest allies , such as Germany , France , the United Kingdom , and Japan .
Basically , the Bush plan makes the reduction in pollution gas emissions conditional on the Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) growth rate .
Technical arguments could go on an on , and matter little here .
The announcement of a plan that is supposedly an alternative to the Kyoto Protocol , but which in practice rejects it in a way that can not be taken seriously by the countries who committed themselves to it ( among which is Brazil ) , only deserves rejection in response and to provoke in retrospect an enormous concern about what the only world superpower intends in future .
Emissions of these gases should rise at a slower pace than that of the GDP , he says .
Some environmental entities calculate that Bush 's plan will lead to the US 's emitting !
More important are two indisputable conclusions , both potentially embarrassing to the Bush administration and extremely threatening to the world as a whole .
The first is that , once again , the current US administration , faced with a controversial issue , is situating itself alongside the explicit interests of companies in the energy sector .
Therefore , that so-called 18 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions could , in fact , represent a real increase in the absolute quantity of such gases .
Seven months after having rejected the Kyoto Protocol because he considered it to be without scientific basis , detrimental to US economic interests , and unfair in not obliging medium-sized nations ( like Brazil and India ) to reduce their gas emissions in the same proportion as that imposed on industrialized countries , Bush made public the plan that , he promised , would not have any of the defects of the Kyoto Protocol and would achieve the same , if not better , results .
But the consequences of the divorce between the US and the international community in the Kyoto Protocol case could be even more serious .
The second conclusion is that , contrary to what some optimists were predicting after 11 September , Bush seems to have decided to stick to a course of arrogant unilateralism when conducting his foreign policy .
The first problem pointed out by critics is that Bush has created a new concept , that of " greenhouse gas intensity , " which could be defined as the volume of gas emissions divided by GDP .
Bush 's plan , which he revealed in a speech Thursday night , would slow emissions growth by reducing " greenhouse gas intensity " -- the ratio of emissions to economic output -- by a target of 18 percent over 10 years .
The Kyoto pact , which Bush Thursday called " an unsound international treaty " , commits countries to cut their emissions of greenhouse gases to below 1990 levels by a timetable of 2008-2012
" The government of Japan appreciates the announcement of climate change policy by the government of the United States on February 14 as a demonstration of its serious intention to address the issue of global warming , " Foreign Minister Yoriko Kawaguchi said in a statement .
The minister however said Japan will press on with ratification of the 1997 Kyoto pact on global warming , which environment ministers from 160 countries -- with the exception of the United States -- agreed on in Morocco last November after marathon talks .
" While the government of Japan intends to take all necessary steps to ensure the approval by the Diet of the Kyoto Protocol as well as the enactment of the required legislation during the current Diet session ... it is important to establish a common rule in future in which all countries including the United States and developing countries participate , " the statement said .
TOKYO , Feb 15 ( AFP ) - Japan Friday welcomed President George W. Bush 's alternative to the Kyoto Protocol on reducing greenhouse gases , but said it will press on with ratification of the pact the US rejected .
Before the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in the United States , the Bush administration had been severely blamed in the international community for rejecting the Kyoto Protocol .
" The Korean Government notes that the new U.S. Government initiative adopts a flexible and gradual approach to reducing greenhouse gas emissions , and that it takes into consideration the concerns of developing countries , " the statement said
" In light of this , the Korean Government believes that consultations amongst the international community are needed to build understanding on the U.S. initiative , " the statement noted , adding the Seoul government will actively participate in this process .
The U.S. administration led by President George W. Bush rejected the Protocol early last year and recently announced a new policy on climate change which aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions relative to Gross Domestic Product or economic activities .
The ! Korean government is of the view that in order for the U.S. initiative to be discussed in more detail in future international fora , greater elaboration is needed , including concrete methods to establish the levels of greenhouse gas intensity , it continued .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade said in a statement that " the Government of the Republic of Korea appreciates continued interest shown by the Government of the United States in climate change and their efforts in presenting on February 14 a new initiative to address this issue which is one of the greatest challenges humankind faces in the 21st century . "
18 ( Yonhap ) -- The government on Monday announced its position on U.S. President George W. Bush 's new policy to control greenhouse gas emissions that he wants discussed internationally along with the Kyoto Protocol , an international treaty adopted in 1997 to control greenhouse gas emissions .
French Foreign Minister Hubert Vedrine criticized the remark as " simplistic interpretation of the world . "
However , Koizumi said , " I take the remark as the indication of the President 's strong resolve to fight terrorism . "
At a meeting of several officials held at the outset of the summit , the President first took up economic issues and then referred to his " axis of evil " remark .
" It is also politically very difficult " to enact a new law considering the declining support for the Koizumi Cabinet , said a source within the Prime Minister 's Official Residence .
European countries are critical of Bush 's " axis of evil " remark .
He urged Japan to follow the US by saying : " The international community needs to cooperate to change Iran , Iraq , and North Korea 's action pattern ( of spreading weapons of mass destruction ) .
However , it will be difficult for Japan to provide support to the US , as it did when the US attacked Afghanistan , if US forces launch military action against Iraq .
Although the Japanese Government has expressed understanding of Bush 's axis of evil remark , it does not hope to see the US taking military action .
This left the impression that Japan stands alone on this issue because European countries have been cool to Bush 's " axis of evil " rhetoric .
However , it will be difficult for the Self-Defense Forces to provide logistic support to US forces attacking Iraq under a special antiterrorism law aimed at eradicating terrorism , which was enacted after terrorist attacks in the US on 11 September .
If Japan does not give any support to possible US attacks on Iraq despite its understanding of the axis of evil rhetoric , Bush 's expectations on the Koizumi administration will certainly change to disappointment .
The US has repeatedly suggested the possibility of its taking military action against the government of Iraqi President Saddam Husayn .
At a Japan-US summit meeting on 18 February , Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi expressed some understanding of US President George W. Bush 's remarks that Iran , Iraq , and the DPRK ( North Korea ) are an " axis of evil . "
Because of this , Koizumi noted the need for the international community to cooperate in tackling Iraqi issues and enthusiastically asked Bush to not take the bold course of launching military action .
It can be said that the Japanese Government has put itself in a difficult position .
It is possible that if the US military attack Iraq , Japan , which has shown understanding of the axis of evil remark , will be asked to provide active support to the US as it did during US attacks on Afghanistan .
In reply , the President said , " We want to resolve all issues peacefully , and we intend to continue diplomatic efforts . " However , it is unclear whether Japan can actually prevent the US from taking military action .
I think 'value sharing , ' not 'burden sharing ' or 'power sharing , ' is needed for today 's Japan-US relationship .
" During President Bush 's speech , I thought of heckling ; 'What are you going to do with the Kyoto Protocol ? ' and 'How about CTBT ? ' but I refrained .
Ambassadors from Middle Eastern countries immediately came and asked me what I thought of the President 's speech . "
The President used the words 'common values , ' but is it really true ?
The United States says the CTBT is unacceptable ; that nobody cares about the BWC ; that there should not be a Kyoto Protocol ; that US citizens have the right to own handguns ; that land mines are necessary ; that the SOFA needs no revision , just a change in application ; and then we should attack Iraq together .
Taro Kono ( 39 ) , son of former Foreign Minister Yohei Kono and twice elected lower house Liberal Democratic Party member , wrote a critical comment on the US president 's speech before the Japanese Diet on 19 February .
This is not acceptable .
" What Israel is doing in Palestine against the Muslims is also one of the worst examples of rights abuses but the US is again silent , but when Palestinians react to Israeli attacks America is quick to The logical solution to the Palestinian issue is a free and independent state for the people of Palestine as enshrined under UN resolutions , he said .
Muslims rulers should forge unity in their ranks to resist the ever-increasing US influence ; otherwise , they would be targeted one by one , Hameed Gul concluded .
In order to realize its vested interests in the region , he said the US and its allies unleashed oppression against the Afghan people and used latest weaponry against the defenseless nation .
Hameed Gul was of the opinion that the US was the only country in the world that had no respect for any religion , faith , norms , decency , human rights and rules .
" The situation requires a concerted moral resistance by Muslims scholars ; if they remain indifferent to each other 's plight in the hands of imperialist forces led by the US , they would be crushed one by one , " he warned .
" The US is the most fraudulent , terrorist and extremist country .
Islamabad , March 6 , IRNA -- Leading Pakistani defense analyst Hameed Gul on Wednesday rejected this year 's US State Department report on human rights , saying it was " a pack of blatant lies and propaganda . "
The world would never forget the barbarities it committed on the innocent Afghan people , women , children and the elderly , " he firmly said .
" In a fit of force , the US wanted to subjugate the entire world community and was not ready to tolerate any hurdle in this direction and the recent report on human rights was also a manifestation of its hegemonistic designs , " the lieutenant general ( retd ) continued .
The Americans , he pointed out , see violations of human rights when a country or a group of people become hurdles in the realization of their vested interests .
A former director-general of the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence ( ISI ) , Hameed Gul told IRNA in an interview here that each country which resisted American hegemony was deemed a violator of human rights .
He said it clearly means that the Muslims have no right to defend themsleves against their oppressors .
But the US is denying this , he added .
" It is unprecedented in the history of the comity of nations that the US forcibly wanted to prevent countries from upholding religious and cultural values , " he said .
" Since the rioting erupted last week , over 600 people , mostly Muslims , have been brutally murdered in the hands of extremist Hindus in India , but the US and other so-called civilized nations kept a shameful mum , " he remarked .
" America wants total submission of Muslims across the globe , " Hameed Gul said .
It is interesting that the U.S. State Department 's annual global human rights report came this year at a time when Washington itself is being sharply criticized by most countries and international human rights organizations for the killing of a large number of innocent civilians in Afghanistan and the torture and inhuman treatment of the Taleban and Al-Qaeda prisoners at its military base at Guantanamo Bay .
Although the United States claims to advocate human rights , its harsh treatment of its own citizens and its hegemonic and belligerent policy towards other nations prove that the claim is just empty rhetoric .
For instance , a bloody riot was ignited in Cincinnati when an Afro-American youth was shot dead for no reason by police officers .
However , the massive participation of millions of Iranians in the grand rallies on Feb. 11 to mark the anniversary of the victory of the Islamic Revolution and defy U.S. threats against this country once again revealed the emptiness of U.S. charges against Iran .
In this report , when referring to Iran , the United States repeated its allegations against the Islamic Republic but failed to provide any evidence in support of its baseless charges .
[ " Opinion " U.S. Human Rights Claims Only Empty Rhetoric ]
It is quite clear that such baseless accusations are only made to tarnish the image of Iran , since it follows an independent policy and refuses to bow to U.S. domination .
Among the unfounded allegations was the claim that the Islamic Republic enjoys no social base and is an unpopular system because of its human rights violations .
Indeed , the U.S Administration , which claims to advocate international human rights issues and which tries to play the role of a world policeman , is actually condoning the most atrocious human rights violations committed in the United States itself .
The ugliest crimes are perpetrated against inmates in U.S. prisons , and the mistreatment of ethnic minorities by the U.S. police is so appalling that on several occasions it has led to massive riots .
The report also noted that work on bypass roads continued at a rate faster than that of the government of Barak who gave free rein to settlement activities .
The second is Israel 's enacting of laws that facilitate expropriating Palestinian land and settlement activity , a matter that is considered among the war crimes . "
He explained that Palestinian population centers were used as human shields for the protection of settlements , and that about 90 percent of the bombardments to which Palestinian population centers were subjected originated in settlements .
Advocate Faris Abu-Hasan pointed to the violation of international laws represented in settlement activity and settlement building , and to Israel 's continuing refusal to respond to international appeals and violation of relevant international laws .
He confirmed that 30 Palestinians were martyred at the hands of settlers , 60 persons were hit by settlers ' bullets , while more than 77 others were injured in various assaults by settlers .
He pointed to the allocations in the Sharon Government 's budget for supporting and widening settlements and building new ones , despite the crisis and recession from which Israel 's economy suffers .
He explained that settlement building constituted two grave violations of international law , especially the Geneva Convention , and pointed to international law provisions that forbid moving population of the occupying state to the occupied territories .
He explained that an Israeli court recently sentenced a Palestinian member of a group accused of opening fire in which no one was hurt to seven years imprisonment .
He referred to the legal cover and protection settlers enjoy , and the encouragement this gives them to continue their aggressions .
He noted that the year since Sharon became Israel Prime Minister and his pursuit of a destructive , aggressive policy against the Palestinian people has " proved that the conflict with the Palestinian people who cling to their national rights can not be settled by force . "
Sharon 's government has embarked on building 10 bypass roads , some of which were approved by the previous government .
He explained that the intifadah has proved that the settlement battle is not over .
The report highlighted the damage caused to the agricultural sector as a result of settlement activity .
He said : " There are two grave violations , the first concerns settlement building and the transfer of settlers to the Palestinian territories on which tens of settlements have been built .
While a settler who opened fire on a group of Palestinians wounding four of them was sentenced to four years imprisonment by an Israeli court .
He stressed that since the outbreak of the intifadah in 1987 , 18 percent of all Palestinians martyred were killed by settlers .
He surveyed the attacks against unarmed citizens carried out by settlers , the legal protection and backing they are provided by Israeli governments , and the encouragement that this gives them to continue their assaults .
He pointed out that there is an alternation of roles between settlers and the army in carrying out aggressions against Palestinians and terrorizing them .
The report estimated that building these roads threatens the bulldozing and destruction of more than 31,730 donums .
He stressed the need to concentrate on resisting settlement activity , settlers and their militias , and abstaining from subjecting this file to any discussion as a condition for halting the intensified settlement activities and removing existing settlements .
It also noted that settlers and the occupation authorities pursue a comprehensive destructive policy on a wide scale vis-a-vis citizens ' property to consolidate facts and settlement plans drawn up by the occupation government .
He indicated that settlements have emerged as military bastions and bases for launching attacks against Palestinians during the intifadah .
Taysir Khalid explained that " the Palestinian intifadah has raised the settlement issue anew -- one of the causes of the intifadah -- in unprecedented force as a basic element and condition for reaching any solution . "
The " three liters for 100 kilometers " car , high efficiency turbines , and solar panels are export successes and their development is driven by a climate protection policy of growing amplitude .
The United States , the world 's biggest emitter of greenhouse gases ( 25 percent of global emissions ) withdrew from an international agreement that , for the first time , set binding targets for developed countries for climate protection .
Recent weeks have seen important developments on both sides of the Atlantic for the policy pursued in combating climate change .
Anybody who fails to exploit these markets from the outset will remain lagging behind .
Scientists estimate that the industrialized countries must reduce their emissions to around 70 percent by 2020 to maintain climate change at an acceptable level .
It should be remembered that after Bush described the Kyoto Protocol as " fundamentally flawed " international negotiations on climate protection almost collapsed .
In addition , if the US economy continues to grow , the increased energy efficiency will be cancelled out or more than cancelled out .
In Europe , the council of environment ministers concluded a formal political agreement on 4 March on the decision to ratify the Kyoto Protocol before 1 June this year .
Unfortunately , the recent US climate protection program falls far short of meeting such expectations .
The European Union played a dominant role in these negotiations and the community of states concluded , at the Bonn and Marrakech conferences of July and October last year , an agreement that sets out how to implement the Kyoto Protocol and provides for an original mechanism for respecting the reduction obligations that could possibly serve as a model for other agreements and that suggests a possible strengthening of international institutional structures in the environmental field .
Even today it is difficult to find buyers outside the United States for the fuel-guzzling cars of the US automobile industry .
The dominant role of the European climate protection policy has benefits for our economy .
US reticence is not therefore a reason for us to reduce our climate protection efforts .
The return of the United States to the system must remain our goal .
However , all the parties repeated with insistence that world climate protection can not be effective unless the United States takes measures that are comparable to these taken by Europe and Japan .
With this major decision , the European Union is opening the door to the entry into force of the Kyoto Protocol for climate protection just in time for the world summit on sustainable development to be held in August 2002 in Johannesburg .
With an annual economic growth objective of 3 percent , absolute US emissions in 2012 will be 24.5 percent more than 1990 levels , despite the improvement in energy efficiency .
It should therefore be implemented as quickly as possible and extended beyond the initial period of 2008-2012 .
On the contrary , it can have a positive effect .
This can hardly be described as ambitious as a 15 percent increase in energy efficiency was in any event expected given present productivity levels .
Although there is a certain satisfaction at seeing President Bush recognize the need to fight climate change , that must not in any way conceal the extreme weakness of what he announced .
We hope that the United States will come to realize that an active climate protection policy is not only necessary for environmental policy but is also an excellent opportunity to modernize industrial society .
By comparison , respect for the Kyoto Protocol requires the EU to reduce its emissions by 8 percent compared with 1990 , Japan by 6 percent , and the United States by 7 percent , a figure accepted by President Clinton in 1997 .
If the effects of climate change were not so devastating and our action were to be guided by economic competition , we Europeans could welcome the fact that the United States is not committing itself to an ambitious climate protection program , in so far as the technologies in the field of energy efficiency and renewable energy are the technologies of the future .
In its last report , the IPCC [ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ] called for rapid and decisive action to at least avert the most serious consequences of climate change .
Researchers have shown that without a determined policy on climate coordinated at international level the consequences of climate change will be dramatic .
This must now be ratified by all the parties and will shortly enter into force .
The average global temperature will increase by 5.8d C by 2100 , sea levels will rise by up to 90 cm over the same period , and there will be an increasing number of hurricanes with ever more serious consequences , while man and nature will have to cope with a shift in climate and rainfall zones the like of which has never been seen before .
The warnings by climate experts went unheeded in the US climate protection program .
Many studies show that an active policy of climate protection is not in any way contrary to a policy of full employment .
The Kyoto Protocol is a first major step .
At our instigation , on 4 March EU environment ministers therefore called on the United States to " assume its responsibilities under the framework agreement on climate change , " that is to stabilize greenhouse gas emissions at 1990 levels and strengthen domestic actions to bring them into line with the level of effort accepted by the industrial countries in application of the Kyoto Protocol .
By implementing our European and national climate protection programs we will succeed in creating several hundred thousand new jobs by 2010 .
We now know that the US withdrawal did not stop the world community from deepening this important multilateral agreement for combating climate change .
The door remains wide open for the United States to return to the Kyoto process : The biggest emitter of greenhouse gases can not be relieved of its responsibilities for global climate protection .
" A Valentine 's Day gift for the polluters . " Carl Pope , the director of the Sierra Club , one of the major US environmental protection associations , does not mince his words when describing the US plan to replace the Kyoto Protocol .
This proposal places no obligation whatsoever on industrialists and is based on voluntary measures and tax incentives .
" Instead of making itself the champion of the global fight against the greenhouse effect , the United States is moving in exactly the opposite direction from that followed by the rest of the international community with the Kyoto Protocol , " according to Greenpeace .
Carl Pope , the director of the Sierra Club , considers for his part that the Bush Administration " is sticking to the polluting policies that the energy industry asked for rather than taking the sensible steps that can protect our health . "
But environmentalists immediately attacked this US proposal .
" But I have the intention of working with nations , particularly developing nations , to convince them that a better approach exists , " he said .
As far as the US Administration is concerned , this approach will make it posible to " stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere in the long run , while sustaining the economic growth needed to finance our investments in a new , cleaner energy structure . "
According to Steve Sawyer , one of Greenpeace International 's climate experts , the plan " will have very little effect on emissions , assuming it has any . "
Mr. Bush calls for India and China To Act
And it would be irresponsible to absolve them from shouldering some of the shared obligations " in the fight against global warming .
The White House hastened to describe the Bush plan as " the most audacious program in American history aiming at reducing power station gas emissions , " considering that it would be possible to save the administration up to $ 1 billion , compared to the costs that binding rules would lead to .
According to the White House , this should make it possible to reduce " the intensity of greenhouse gas emission generated by the US economy " by 18 % over the next 10 years , an objective described by the Bush Administration as " comparable " to that imposed by the Kyoto Protocol .
The Discontent of the Environmentalists
He asserted , in an allusion to the binding objectives of the Kyoto Protocol , that it would be " unjust and counterproductive to condemn developing countries to weak or even nonexistant economic growth by insisting that they adopt unrealistic greenhouse gas reduction targets . "
It advocates a voluntarist approach to the fight against global warming by directly linking the objectives of greenhouse gas reduction to US economic growth .
For the moment Mr. Bush simply proposes to curb the increase in harmful gas emissions and is counting on the good will of US industrialists , who account for 36 % of the greenhouse gas produced by industrialized countries ( as opposed to 31.6 % for Europe ) .
President George W. Bush considered , moreover , that it would be " irresponsible " not to ask India and China to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions .
Mr. Bush did , nevertheless , affirm that " the United States will not interfere with the countries opting for the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol . "
" Developing nations such as China and India already account for a majority of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions .
The objectives , as set out in the plan , are to " slow down and then stop the growth in the emissions of harmful gases and , if scientific studies justify it , diminish them . "
To encourage industry and consumers to demonstrate environmental public spiritedness Mr. Bush proposes tax incentives of $ 4.6 billion for the adoption of renewable sources of energy .
Presented Thursday 14 February by President George W. Bush , this alternative plan for slowing down global warming moves away from the binding measures of implementation of the Kyoto Protocol , recently approved by more than 170 countries in Marrakech , but rejected in March 2001 by President Bush , who deemed it harmful to the US economy and reproached it for imposing constraints on industrialized countries only .
The aim is to lower polluting emissions from 183 tonnes per million dollars of GDP to 151 tonnes in 2012 .
But environmentalists immediately attacked this US proposal .
The White House hastened to describe the Bush plan as " the most audacious program in American history aiming at reducing power station gas emissions . "
The US President asserted , moreover , his determination to win developing countries over to his plan , stating that the US approach would give them a " yardstick for progress on climate changes which recognizes their right to economic development . "
Philip Clapp , president of the National Environment Trust , sums up well the general thrust of the reaction of environmental movements : " There is no reason at all to believe that the polluters are suddenly going to become reasonable . "
Contrary to the preceding one , the plan proposed by Washington Thursday thus no longer has any binding procedure and is based on voluntary measures and tax incentives .
The EU will continue on its current path of emission reduction and is optimistic that other major players , notably Japan and Russia , will join us in these efforts .
Furthermore , a review of the effectiveness of the measures will not take place before 2012 .
It is clear that the proposals for US action on climate change are domestic .
The EU is of the opinion that a cap-and-trade system is a cost-effective measure to reduce emissions which combines a guaranteed environmental result with the flexibility to reduce emissions where it is least costly .
This is the ultimate objective of the Convention to which the US has subscribed .
Achieving this would only be a first step towards stabilising global greenhouse gas concentrations at a level that would prevent dangerous climate change .
But the EU is concerned that they will not even be sufficient to reduce US emissions .
However , mandatory monitoring and reporting of emissions at company level would be necessary to adequately assess whether the proposals by President Bush represent an effort comparable to the ones under the Kyoto Protocol .
The proposals by President Bush may represent a first step in the right direction , where also economic operators in the US are asked to contribute to emission control .
The EU welcomes the fact that the Bush administration has now completed its policy review and has put forward what the US intends to do in terms of domestic climate change policy .
However , the new plan does not lead to such a stabilisation , but instead will lead to the increase of absolute emission levels .
On the contrary , the Kyoto Protocol requires most industrialised countries to achieve absolute emission reductions , while they still foresee to have growing economies .
The " intensity target " proposed allows for further increases in absolute emissions and is not sufficient to effectively fight climate change .
The EU is concerned about the purely voluntary nature of the actions proposed .
By 2005 , the EU intends to implement a cap-and-trade system covering 46 % of all CO2 emissions in 2010 .
While the intensity improvements may reduce this to around 33 % , this is still a very substantial increase in absolute emissions .
The EU will further examine and assess the proposals by President Bush in the weeks to come and is willing to continue the dialogue with the US on this basis .
The EU is determined to proceed with ratification of the Kyoto Protocol by June 2002 in view of entry into force by the time of the World Summit on Sustainable Development .
The Bush plan is based on a prolongation of this trend thereby in effect foreseeing little more than continuation on a " business-as-usual " path .
It is striking that the approach which is considered beneficial for other air pollutants , namely to implement cap-and-trade programmes , is not extended to CO2 emissions from the power sector .
What is also realistic is the idea that it will be easier to persuade the main polluting agents to take measures by providing incentives to them , rather than by constraint .
[ Passage omitted -- on the Bush administration 's budget for controlling climate changes ; the attitudes of Australia , Canada , the European Union , and China ; and the terms of the Kyoto Protocol ]
No matter how cynical this may appear , the US administration is mainly concerned with getting out of the recession and with relaunching the economy , rather than with the greenhouse effect .
The US President preferred a more realistic attitude , because it is hard to believe that it will be possible to fully eliminate pollutant gas emissions in one decade .
If Taiwan becomes a part of China , all of Taiwan 's sea areas will be threatened .
If warheads with biological weapons are used , China has no means to justify this to international public opinion .
Taiwan is also very important to the United States , especially Taiwan 's strategic position .
Although Japan and the United States have n't recognized it , in reality , the United States , Japan and Taiwan currently are already situated in a kind of virtual alliance .
Taiwan announcing independence is not itself a problem , but because Taiwan announcing independence would bring unrest and a domino effect would occur with regard to Tibet and Xinjiang , this is China 's greatest fear .
Stable ocean traffic is an absolute necessity .
It is not possible that the Republican Party will get along with China , Taiwan can again wait for a little while .
This is an issue of will .
The PC-3 's intelligence exchange system is extremely important and is not inferior to the Aegis destroyer .
Not using peaceful methods to resolve the Taiwan issue wo n't do , and I reckon that the US-Japan summit talks will discuss the issue of the two shores .
Anti-submarine combat strength is extremely low , and in particular there are many old style naval aircraft that , compared to Japan , are possibly 30 to 40 years behind .
The Navy 's problems are very large .
In 1996 , the Chinese People 's Liberation Army indeed fired four missiles near Taiwan , but this was a kind of propaganda war .
However , Taiwan announcing independence to the outside world is a variable .
Under these circumstances , Taiwan and Japan both must recognize clearly the important role of the navy .
However , China is not a nation that is able to abide by international rules , and for this reason , there will inevitably be conflicts on the ocean .
Kawamura : One of the reasons that the United States has all along not provided Aegis destroyers to Taiwan is that in the past the United States considered Taiwan 's armed forces to be the armed forces of the Nationalist Party , not the armed forces of the nation .
Taiwan has some people who very obviously purposely play up China 's use of force to scare Taiwan .
If China only uses common warheads , at most , it would only make a few holes in Taiwan .
There would be no difference between Taiwan announcing independence to the outside world and the current situation .
The traffic on Taiwan 's seas is extremely important to Japan .
Question : Where is China 's true threat to Taiwan
Kawamura : Frankly speaking , Taiwan 's navy is worrisome .
Taiwan should make an all out effort to augment naval combat strength .
Torpedo strength is also insufficient .
Nationalization of the armed forces after Lee Teng-hui ( Li Teng-hui ) and the loyal attitude of the armed forces after Chen Shui-bian ( Ch'en Shui-pien ) came into office have already gradually allowed the United States to feel at ease .
Whether Bush will , like Clinton , damage Taiwan 's interests is receiving the deep concern of all quarters .
The possibility of the TMD anti-missile system covering Taiwan in the future is very great .
They reiterated the importance of Taiwan 's strategic position and at the same time put forward their views with regard to the situation in the Taiwan Strait .
The protection of Taiwan 's interests under the US-Japan alliance structure is fairly strong .
In past Taiwan-US arms sale negotiations , the PC-3 early warning aircraft and the MH53 helicopter that Taiwan has made requests to purchase are entirely suitable to Taiwan 's needs .
I reckon that at the last stage , the United States will provide the Aegis destroyer to Taiwan .
Taiwan has no need to announce independence , and there wo n't be any problem if only the name " Taiwan " is used .
It can only be said that this is nothing more than an embellishment and fundamentally can not accomplish anything .
Its purpose is to ensure resources and the lives of a population of 1.5 billion people .
Sato : After the 9-11 incident , the United States will be even keener on developing TMD .
I reckon that the probability of war occurring between China and Taiwan is smaller than small .
Before the United States attacked Afghanistan , it first explained the reasons to every nation of the world , and China using missiles to attack Taiwan is certainly not simple .
" Of course he would not use the term of `peaceful reunification ' ... because the American position is that relations between Taiwan and China should be open-ended , " Chang said .
Bush reitered his desire for a peaceful settlement of the Taiwan issue several times during his trip to Beijing .
The US ' rising concerns over China 's military expansion and its appreciation for Taipei 's support for the US-led war against terrorism drove Bush to stand firm in his support for Taiwan , the DPP legislator said .
Bush described Taiwan as a " good friend " of the US during his weekly radio address to the US public that aired last week within hours of his departure for Asia .
The Pentagon 's quadrennial defense review issued last September -- which highlighted the rising Chinese threat -- and the recent testimony by the CIA director to the US Senate on China 's military modernization were indicative of the Bush administration 's perception of China as a growing threat to US national security .
But Bush 's refusal to respond to a similar push by a student yesterday during the question-and-answer session of his talk at Tsinghua University showed that the US president stuck to the US existing policy , according to analysts .
China has tried to highlight and accentuate the Taiwan issue during Bush 's trip to China , but the US agenda rested instead on anti-terrorism and China 's proliferation of arms sale to countries like Iran and Pakistan , Chang argued .
" Bush has made the first correct step by spurning his predecessor 's appeasement of China .
" We felt gratified and relieved after watching Bush stick to his principles on the issue of Taiwan .
Although he did not mention Taiwan directly , the implication of this remark seemed to be that Taiwan was not to be excluded , " Cheng said .
Former US president Bill Clinton agitated Taiwan when he gave the so-called " three nos " speech during his visit to China in 1998 .
While past trips to China by US presidents have produced agreements or statements that have damaged Taiwan 's interests , Bush 's visit only enhanced the nation 's confidence in his administration , Cheng said .
STATE VISIT : The US president is getting good reviews from political experts for refusing to restate the `three nos ' and declining to endorse peaceful reunification
Bush 's mention several times of the Taiwan Relations Act , the 1979 US law that pledged that the US would supply Taiwan with the defensive weapons it needed to fend off a Chinese attack , also reflected his firm support for Taiwan , analysts said .
But as Bush concluded his trip to Asia yesterday , it was clear that China failed to elicit from him a statement on the " three nos " and on opposition to Taiwanese independence , Chang said .
The US president also declined to endorse China 's version of a " peaceful unification " between Taiwan and China , reflecting the longstanding US position on cross-strait relations , analysts said .
Fresh from his trip to Washington , where US government officials highlighted Taiwan 's contribution to the war against terrorism , Chang said , " Even as a small country , we stood with the US at that critical moment , and the US appreciated that and has reciprocated what we 've done . "
China 's Vice Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing , in a speech in Washington earlier this month , urged the US to support " peaceful unification . "
As US President George W. Bush wrapped up his six-day visit to Asia yesterday , analysts gave their thumbs up to his determination to voice his firm support for Taiwan despite pressure from China to do otherwise .
" Bush has been very forthcoming in stating the US commitment to defend Taiwan against the possible use of force by China , " said Chang , a specialist in international relations .
And therefore , the US is much more forthcoming in voicing its support for Taiwan , " Chang said .
" These two reports seemed to indicate that the Bush administration took China 's rising military threat more seriously than did the Clinton 's administration .
The " three nos " include no support for an independent Taiwan ; no recognition of " two Chinas " or one China and a separate Taiwan ; and no support for Taiwan 's entry into international organizations that require members to be states .
But the expert urged everyone to despair , " since control of global warming without Russia is impossible ; the country is becoming the owner of the controlling block of shares . "
If One Lies on a Stove ...
Why do n't I have the sense that the models explain everything ?
As for all the ideas regarding blocking shields , umbrellas and the like , I will answer this way .
And what will happen during the new , overly warm summer seasons ?
This is indicated by a well drilled in the ice cap of Antarctica 30 years ago , which helps to comprehend what has happened to climate .
There are several models today , and they answer the question of why the climate is changing with varying degrees of persuasiveness .
No One Will Be Well Off
Participants in the debate also proceeded from the postulate that the earth 's atmosphere has been heating up over the past 100 years .
Despite the outward complexity of the task , the creation of a record-keeping and monitoring system is neither very complicated nor very expensive , since the Goskomstat [ State Statistical Committee ] reporting forms that enterprises fill out contain virtually complete data .
Already everything humankind does causes incredible damage to nature .
He described the opinion that Russia can gain from perturbations of the climate as false .
Before predicting the future , we must learn how to predict the past , " Kapitsa summed up .
Six greenhouse gases are known .
The cash equivalent could be several tens of billions of dollars .
The speaker 's ardor was cooled by the well-known Sergey Kapitsa , who is not inclined to give way to rapture over the advantages promised to Russia .
Some of the participants took the line that this is an extremely useful for Russia , which has " hot air " ( that is , it is 30 percent short of the permitted level of CO2 emissions ) , and the country can become the dominant seller in the market ; consequently , it has a greater stake than anyone in the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol .
A consensus was arrived at that climate has always changed , but it has never occurred with such speed .
Indeed , the idea has not yet captivated the masses so much that they would remove their last trousers to start investing immediately in the project .
It is n't even the only cause of the increase in the greenhouse effect . "
" The assessment by the Foreign Ministry official is brilliant , " exclaimed Aleksandr Ginzburg , deputy director of the Institute of Atmospheric Physics .
The discussants also presented differing views on the trading of air .
Should we be happy about climate change ?
But the rich Russian fields that stretch across the Arctic zone are small comfort to humankind as a whole , so Gudkov proposes blocking off the sun with an umbrella that would be suspended in space .
For example , Prof. Viktor Danilov-Danilyan maintain that " we must not speak of warming , but of global climatic changes ; warming is merely one aspect of these changes . "
In Mr. Gudkov 's view , everything is developing well , we can take our time , and we can do nothing at all , since global warming is a threat only to the southern countries .
Gangster species are appearing , such as the locust , which is moving toward the north , where it has never been before .
And if the States behave badly , we are simply obligated to ratify this document -- this was the conclusion arrived at by the round table .
Six degrees , the professor believes , is unlikely , since that kind of thing has not happened on the planet in the past 420,000 years .
Iceland , Japan , Australia and Canada are ready to join the ratification .
In addition to the suggestion from the sixth continent , it is a good idea to recall the Great Flood , which has been depicted , apart from the Bible , in many of the world 's mythologies : " What was it ?
Many people in Russia say : how much fuel we 'll save !
But to what extent does this reflect real life ?
" When we determine the position of the diplomatic service , we proceed from the premise that the whole strategy of nature-conservation efforts is not profitable but costly and that it is impossible to solve the problems of environmental protection on our own ... The Kyoto mechanism is costly , but its value lies in the fact that its implementation has been tied to the market mechanism , that is , life without change has been made uneconomical . "
On the contrary , they found solidarity in the view that it is impossible to explain everything with models .
They are relatively mild for our country .
True , the sun-screening space umbrella ( the author 's name ) does not have much chance of opening up , due to " political-economic circumstances . "
There are no proposals there to erect screens or to shoot cooling aerosols into the atmosphere .
The world community became hopeful that it would be possible to solve the problems that brought about the UN Convention on Climate Change ( 1994 ) .
Experts ' Opinion
All of Our Activities Are Ruining Nature
If a country fails to use up its quota , it can sell the " surplus . "
This is just the time to recall that the energy requirements of Russian output are among the highest in the world ( see graph [ omitted here ] -- Ed . ) .
Models are flawed , including the greenhouse model , and the only thing that is beyond dispute is that warming is underway , and the contribution of human beings to this alarming condition is very large , possible at least 30 percent .
What will happen to industrial and transport facilities , housing and other infrastructure that were built in permafrost , which will turn into muddy swamp ?
Consequently , if our homeland 's efforts boil down merely to dealing in " hot air , " this will not provide an impetus to start up high technologies and will knock Russia out of the group of countries that are striving for rational development , above all out of the European Union .
A decision was adopted at the first conference of convention participants ( 1995 , Berlin ) to begin phased actions to restrict emissions of greenhouse gases and to create an appropriate system of ecological-economic relations .
In short , if you do n't want to exert yourself , buy the neighbor 's quota ; if you do n't want to spend the money , use your brain and invest in the development of nature-conservation technologies .
What is cited as the reason for them , the scientist continues , " is almost always the increase in the greenhouse effect due to a larger concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
That is why carrying out a project and reducing emissions in Russia is far cheaper than in most developed countries .
It is hard to say today what will happen to edaphic microflora , which is of fundamental importance to soil fertility .
So if anyone doubts whether Russia should ratify the document , he is deeply mistaken .
The Foreign Ministry , said N. Ratsiborinskiy , clarifying his agency 's position , recommends that the government move to ratify , since the view at Smolenskaya Square is that the impact of our national efforts will be greater if they are integrated into the efforts of the EU .
The 15 member nations of the EU announced last fall , at a conference in Morocco , their firm intentions to ratify the Kyoto Protocol .
In this situation it is very frightening to do anything else -- for example , to suspend some umbrella , screen or something else in that vein .
The problem is that the present stage of study of small climatic models has scientists studying the life of the models as the life of a real climatic system .
There are no results to speak of yet , but it is important that this area of inquiry has appeared .
It is another matter that the reasons for this alarming phenomenon are not completely clear , and experts offer different interpretations of the consequences of global warming .
Those in attendance did not argue .
The unbalancing of the climate will have a very negative effect on ecosystems .
Our country has something like a controlling block of shares , since without Russia and the US the Kyoto Protocol will die .
Nevertheless , the progress in gaining knowledge has been tremendous .
" This is the best thing I have read or heard about the Kyoto Protocol !
Rumor has it that the late author of the greenhouse model told Academician Roald Sagdeyev : " I 'm a little uneasy when I tell the Americans about my model , because it suggests that Russia 's agriculture will gain from global warming , while America 's agriculture will lose . " Sagdeyev looked at Budyko with interest : " But then where will we buy grain ? "
In his view , it would not be a bad idea , when the scientific community draws up all sorts of forecasts and plans of action that flow out of them , for it to seek help from the science of paleoclimatology and to gain a broad understanding of its data .
No one wanted to argue with the master .
The Kyoto Protocol proposes adapting to climate change .
And now Andrey Gudkov , an expert at the Center for Strategic Studies , follows Budyko in insisting that Russia , as well as Canada and Alaska , gain , since " lands situated in a condition of permafrost will gradually turn into fertile soils for agricultural production . "
The Obvious is Incredible
The first to raise the problem 40 years ago was the Soviet scientist Mikhail Budyko , who saw that the curve on a graph of the air temperature of the earth 's surface stratum was inexorably moving toward the upper right-hand corner .
True , this clause has been stirring up a lot of questions for a long time .
He also questions the predicted amount of future warming .
True , this position makes one think of Yemelya 's [ illusory ] happiness and worry about the future development of the country ( both technological and economic as a whole ) .
Fortunately , supporters of the idea of lying on a stove found an opponent .
We emit greenhouse gases , we thaw out the frozen regions that emit methane , we destroy forests , and in the south , deserts are expanding , a process that alters the heat exchange between the earth 's surface and the atmosphere .
Incidentally , last year 's incredibly cold winter in Primorskiy Kray was very possibly an example of the same property .
But the warming will definitely not be uniform .
On the agenda of tomorrow 's meeting of the Russian government is the question of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol -- a highly important international document that is supposed to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere .
" It is hard to disagree with this .
Following Iran 's proposal on cutting off the supply of oil to countries that support Israel for one month , which was supported by some oil-exporting countries , there was an increasing probability that Venezuela would also support [ the proposal ] .
Chavez 's policies were aimed at eliminating injustice and poverty in his country .
He gained the votes of the vast majority of voters and immediately declared that the aim of his government was to eliminate poverty and injustice and guarantee the independence of his country in the face of foreign interference .
As a result , industrialists and prominent capitalists , as well as defeated political forces acting as foreign agents and the military figures associated with them , became concerned about the situation .
Therefore , the ouster of the Chavez government was an effective solution .
In this way , he sought to implement his policy of eliminating poverty .
However , despite the passage of 170 years since its independence , it is one of the poorest countries in the world .
Moreover , Chavez 's foreign policies were contrary to American interests in Latin America , as well as in other parts of the world .
He pursued an independent policy .
Washington was concerned that the Chavez model might affect other [ Latin ] American countries .
Therefore , it seems that the coup d'etat in Venezuela should be assessed as a plot that was hatched for that purpose .
In Latin and South America , Hugo Chavez established close and friendly relations with Cuban President Fidel Castro and invited him to visit his country .
Moreover , America also openly opposed Chavez 's policies of establishing friendly relations with certain countries that pursued independent regional and international policies .
Indeed , that is the fate of many Latin and South American countries which have been living for decades under American-backed military regimes that oppressed their own peoples .
He also supported movements that opposed American intervention in the region , thereby infuriating Washington .
Indeed , the officials of the Chavez government repeatedly said that foreign intelligence agencies were involved in the formation of that coalition .
It also served the interests of the forces that opposed Chavez inside [ Venezuela ] .
That was particularly because his policies enjoyed widespread support among regional countries .
As far as the issue of foreign policy was concerned , Chavez sought to preserve the independence of his country in the face of American pressure .
One of the main objectives of his policies was to properly utilize Venezuela 's vast natural riches , namely oil .
Nevertheless , the most important reason for America 's concern was the issue of oil .
[ second announcer ] In a rare development , which reminds one of the American-backed coup d'etat by General Pinochet against the legally-elected President of Chile , Salvador Allende , in 1973 , the legally-elected President of Venezuela , Hugo Chavez , was ousted as a result of coordinated operations carried out by a number of army generals , as well as prominent industrialists , capitalists and forces acting as American agents .
In the past week , the United States has taken a stand in support of the Saudi Arabian peace plan .
The temporary security it may produce will be lost immediately if the troops are withdrawn .
The other alternative entails the massive expulsion of the three million Palestinians to neighboring countries with the human and political catastrophe that would accompany this .
By supporting Sharon 's irresponsible saber rattling , Washington places strains on its relations with the Arab countries and needlessly puts off a settlement , in which it must some day play the role of midwife .
Sharon , of course , will not admit that he is planning anything like this , even though the idea has been discussed in Israel .
Israeli 's own 35-year-old occupation and resettlement policies have created the breeding ground for the terrorism that Sharon is now trying to root out by resorting exclusively to military means .
One would think that no politically prudent Israeli could support either of them .
Nevertheless , in his subsequent remarks , Bush encouraged Sharon to continue .
The last few months have demonstrated that , on the contrary , they have become an extraordinary burden .
The desperate tableau that has emerged in the last few days is becoming even more dismal , and the administration of President George W. Bush does not appear to have any sort of logical Near East policy .
Israel is responsible for about three million bitter people who lack political rights .
The only means of preventing a return to terrorism would be [ to launch ] a counter-terrorist effort that extends to every village .
A few kilograms of explosives , a simple detonating fuse , and a desperate hatred are the most important ingredients .
As Israeli tanks push their way into one Palestinian population center after another it has become more and more difficult to guess what political objectives might be driving Prime Minister Ariel Sharon .
The ingredients for a decision are in large measure in place if they would only be admitted by the two sides .
Israel 's resettlement policies have been justified on the grounds of security .
Terrorism will not be absent from such a country and , in the process , Israel will lose the right to count itself among the world 's democracies .
In the United Nations , it supported [ a call for ] the removal of Israeli troops from the cities in the occupied areas .
Even if , contrary to all reason , the operation turns out to be successful , the underlying problem would remain the same as before .
This would soon erode both what is left of the army 's reputation and its military cutting edge .
We can understand this as an immediate military objective , but nothing will be achieved by the operation politically .
Since Sharon refuses to offer the Palestinians their own state with acceptable borders and conditions , there are two alternatives left .
The categorical moral condemnation of terrorism is self-evident , but this will not free Israel from the problem it faces .
It is high time for the United States to hurry to offer its assistance .
He says he wants to destroy the " infrastructure " behind the suicide attacks against the Israelis .
The Prime Minister should explain once and for all what third objective he might have for his actions .
In his view , Chen said , the ever firmer U.S. support for Taiwan partly stems from its recognition of the island 's remarkable progress in democratization and liberalization .
Noting that the two sides of the Taiwan Strait have been admitted to the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , Chen said Taiwan and mainland China will be able to engage in constructive interactions under the WTO framework .
The current WFTCC meeting has focused discussions on how to pool the resources and wisdom of Taiwan businesspeople around the world to expand their share of the world market as well as to help promote Taiwan 's bid to join the WHO .
Moreover , Chen said , Taiwan can from now on conduct trade and economic exchanges with all other WTO members under the principles of equality , fairness and reciprocity .
Chen said he admires all Taiwan businesspeople 's patriotism and contribution to Taiwan 's and their resident countries ' economic development over the years .
Chen cited several events to back up his positive and optimistic views on ROC-U.S .
relations , including U.S. concerns for security in the Taiwan Strait , continued quantitative and qualitative increases in U.S. arms sales to Taiwan , upgrading of high-level engagement , as well as explicit support by the White House and the Department of Health and Human Services for Taiwan 's participation in the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
San Francisco , April 1 ( CNA ) -- Current relations between the Republic of China and the United States are in unprecedented good shape , the de facto ROC ambassador to Washington , D.C. , said in Las Vegas Monday .
Since the United States switched its diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing in 1979 , ROC Representative to the United States Chen Chien-jen said substantive Taiwan-U.S. relations have never been as close as they are at the present time .
" And we are seeking a declaration that the British government demands that Abbasi should not face trial in a military tribunal with the death penalty . "
The Red Cross among other international organisations has criticised the United States , saying all prisoners should be protected under international law until a tribunal decides their fate .
Washington has refused to grant " prisoner of war " status to any of the detainees , captured in Afghanistan during the war on terror , claiming they are " unlawful combatants " .
" We are also seeking an order that the Foreign Secretary should make a protest to the Americans about the circumstances of these unlawful detentions , " lawyer Louise Christian said .
Lawyers for Zumrati Juma , mother of Feroz Abassi , on Wednesday [ 6 March ] added that they would press the British government to take action to shut down the detention camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , where 300 prisoners , including five Britons , are being held .
The inmates at 'Gitmo ' must confess , and serve as a warning to their comrades who are still free : This is the unpleasant truth .
With small blue masks over their mouths , ear muffs on their ears , and goggles covered up with sticky tape .
The matter raises major questions of international law .
And , around this small piece of the United States , the Cuba of old man Castro , who up until now has not batted an eyelid , and has renounced using the scandal of X-Ray and attacking the 'hated Yankees ' with his propaganda , relying on the possible end of the embargo against his regime .
One hundred and forty-four is the number , so far , of prisoners captured in the 100 days of the Afghanistan war , and taken here from Kandahar air base on a 27-hour flight , blindfolded , gagged , tied up , and dosed up with sedatives on the C17 cargo planes belonging to the Stars and Stripes air force .
But 'torture ' is a word which is now filtering through in insidious fashion .
" But if the yardstick of our juridical civilization is the Taliban , we are ruined , " noted one or two commentators .
But the head of the medical staff of Amnesty International , Jim West , has claimed that " there is no other explanation for these measures than the attempt to degrade the human condition . "
The BBC has been posing questions about those photos which " are stirring up protests , " and many people believe them to be " a scandal " : photos taken in part at the landing of the C17s after the trip from Afghanistan , which already showed the prisoners reduced to objects , with gags , masked goggles , and ear muffs .
The Americans are issuing denials , saying " There is no inhumane treatment , and we are open , as far as possible , to the suggestions of the Red Cross . "
Other human rights groups have talked in terms of " sensory segregation , ' " " In that condition , you suffer from hallucinations , " stated Helen Bamber , from the Medical Foundation for Protecting Victims of Torture , on television .
But the photos of 'Gitmo ' are now in danger of removing the United States from the niche of affection and solidarity which September 11 had guaranteed it in the hearts of many people .
Kenneth Roth , of Human Rights Watch , claims that this policy could offer a pretext to less democratic countries among those countries which are allies of the Americans , " to suppress any domestic dissent . "
Outside the camp , there lies the absurd small piece of the United States which is Guanatanamo on Cuban soil : a McDonald 's outlet , the school with its yellow bus for the children of families living on the base , the store windows with the latest roller-blades at 50 dollars , and the cinema , currently showing 'Domestic Disturbance . '
It is a clash of civilizations , and it is perhaps about to become the first global prison in the new world : Yesterday Stockholm announced that in a cage of Guantanamo there is a Swedish citizen , while the next ones due to arrive are six Algerians , who have nothing to do with the war in Afghanistan , and who were arrested in Bosnia on a tip-off from the US secret services , because they are suspected of preparing an attack against the US embassy in Sarajevo ( one of them is said to have phoned a member of al-Qa'ida ) .
That world which had looked in tears at the photos and the pictures of September 11 , the Towers collapsing , and the infamy against civilization , and which is now discovering these other photos , the first ones to come out of Camp X-Ray , the open-air prison which the United States has set up at Guantanamo base , their historic outpost on the island of Cuba .
I do not have the slightest concern over their treatment .
Taliban , and of Usama , " the President said .
As for the rest , they are raising the objection of reason of State , and an emergency which is definitely not over : Since September 11 , 1,500 suspected terrorists have been captured in 50 countries , but the intelligence services claim that at least 10,000 affiliates of al-Qa'ida are still scattered across the world , " their network all around us . "
As for the hospital masks , it is highly unlikely that tuberculosis can spread in open places . "
Their beards shaven off : for hygiene , say the camp 's military commanders ; to humiliate them in their religion , reply human rights defenders half the world over .
In any case , they are better off than they were when we caught them , " added the Minister .
" Those people were ready to gnaw through the cables of the C17 to make it crash , " said Richard Myers , the Chief of Staff .
Without a trial , without an attorney .
" We could keep some of them for an undetermined period , they are dangerous individuals , " announced Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld .
And then there are helicopters , patrolling the skies without interruption .
It is hard not to see a desire for revenge in cages which recall 'Hotel Hanoi ' , set up by the North Vietnamese , or the punishment cells in Japanese camps in the 'Bridge on the River Kawi . '
A small foam mattress to try and sleep , with the light of the halogen lights on their faces .
Even its most loyal ally , Great Britian , is showing signs of disquiet in the statements made by its members of parliament , and in the reports carried by its media .
The status of prisoners of war ( which , by law , ought not to be decided on by Rumsfeld , but by a tribunal ) would protect them from interrogation , and would guarantee that they get a trial , by court martial , that was much fairer than that of the secret special tribunals which Bush is trying to set up .
But it is not clear what they are thinking of doing with these people . "
And the masks are to prevent tuberculosis from spreading , " assured the commander of X-Ray , Brigadier General Mike Lehnert .
If a tip-off truly is enough to end up in a cage on the other side of the Ocean , the new history of 'Gitmo ' has only just begun .
The government has 30 million dollars ready to build in Guantanamo ( 'Gitmo ' to generations and generations of Marines ) nine top-security prisons just for them : But up until then it will keep them in the cages .
Morton Haplerin , from the Council for Foreign Relations , said : " It is clear that the United States sees Guantanamo as a place where it can gather persons caught in all parts of the world .
" I am shocked -- he said -- because they still wear the ear muffs and the goggles inside the camp .
Opposite the cages , those cages of theirs not even two meters by three meters -- which seen together look like a chicken farm run by a sadist -- built from wooden beams and sheets of metal , cement , and barbed wire , exposed to the rain and the wind of the Tropics .
Because they are prisoners , admittedly , but in the view of the Americans they do not have the status of prisoners of war , and the Geneva Convention is not valid for them : " They are unlawful combatants , and we are not running a recreational center .
On their knees during an inspection , and chained up in their orange overalls .
Three meals ( cereal bars , rice , beans , fruit ) , showers , and medical checks with handcuffs on .
They are Taliban , and perhaps members of al-Qa'ida , but nobody can say so with certainty because their names are not known , and there are no formal charges .
Answer : The Venezuelan experience during the past few days showed that regimes that are based on the votes and support of the masses and adopt relatively independent policies toward the big powers and especially America are not favored by the American leadership .
But undoubtedly there are basic doubts that exist about the coup and America 's immediate support , and what springs to mind is the great possibility of some countries ' intervention in Venezuela 's domestic affairs .
Answer : The incidents and developments in Venezuela and Chavez 's return to power were so rapid that the possibility of intervention by other powers in his return to power is very small .
Question : Did the opposition by the Rio Pact member countries and some other countries play a role in Chavez 's return to power ?
On Saturday [ 13 April ] -- two days aftr Chavez had been removed from power by a military coup -- thousands of supporters of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez took to the streets , and after occupying the Presidential palace , they returned him to power .
Also , the Venezuelan President 's return to power once again showed that if rulers are endorsed and supported by the people , the people 's determination can affect decisions and that the people 's presence on the scene can prevent rules and decisions with which they totally disagree .
We asked Ali Kianushrad , member of the Majles National Security and Foreign Policy Committee , to state his views on the recent developments in Venezuela , Chavez 's removal , and his return to power .
The Americans ' hasty and immediate support for the coup shows that the Americans are in no way in favor of national and independent rules coming to power .
Answer : We have good relations with Venezuela , and there was no reason for us to be satisfied in any way with the overthrow the rule there , especially when the Venezuelan regime 's policies enjoy the extensive support of the Venezuelan people and when there are points un its independent policies on oil that converge with our policies and have been positively assessed by the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Retorted Shivute : " The same and worse happened in the United States after the September 11 attacks and with the war in Afghanistan where special camps were built to detain prisoners of war and 'enemies ' of the state .
The report charged that many people were arrested on the basis of suspicious links with Angolan rebel movement , Unita , and the Caprivi Liberation Army ( CLA ) .
Govt dismisses US rights report
Would these actions be listed as human rights abuses or is it acceptable because they were committed by the US ?
According to the rights report , most of the abuses were perpetrated by Special Field Force ( SFF ) members .
It also cites cases of arbitrary deprivation of life , disappearance of people , torture and other cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment , arbitrary arrest , and denial of a fair public hearing .
" Shivute said Namibia attached " little value " to the latest US rights report as it carried a lot of factual inaccuracies and was a " mere reproduction of unverified and unsubstantiated reports " .
During arrests and detentions , security force members reportedly tortured and beat citizens who were suspected of complicity with Unita , " the report says .
Shivute also said the report carried a " total confusion " of historical data by claiming that the National Union of Namibian Workers ( NUNW ) was no longer affiliated to the Swapo Party .
GOVERNMENT yesterday trashed a US human rights report which lists a number of human rights violations in Namibia at the hands of security forces and Government .
The report says even though the Namibian Constitution provided that people arrested must be informed of the reason for their arrest and be brought before a magistrate within 48 hours of their detention , this has not been the case .
He said the report , for instance , claimed that the Swapo publication Namibia Today , the ruling party paper , was a Government-owned magazine .
Information Permanent Secretary Mocks Shivute responded that the US government was the worst human rights violator in the world .
Tehran , April 20 , IRNA -- President Mohammad Khatami on Friday evening congratulated the Venezuelan government and nation for the victory and restoration of the legitimate government of President Hugo Chavez after a failed military coup in that country .
On Saturday it condemned the the ouster of the democratically elected president of Venezuela , saying , " resorting to a coup and the use of force is not an acceptable method to bring about political change and the method is not in conformity with the norms of present human society . "
The Iranian president also expressed the hope that with the return of President Chavez the Venezuelan government would be able to achieve its exalted objectives with the support of the people .
President Chavez thanked President Khatami for his telephone call and wished success for the Iranian government and nation .
The two presidents expressed a mutual desire to meet in the near future .
Chavez is a staunch supporter of oil production cuts in order to boost prices in the world market .
Chavez , whose mandate was due to end in 2006 , was forced out of office by the country 's armed forces who blamed him for the deaths of 15 people during demonstrations in the streets of central Caracas against an opposition protest which later became violent .
Referring to the difficult period the venezuelan nation went through in the past week , President Chavez said the anti-democractic attempts to topple his government failed with the help of the Almighty God and the people .
During a telephone conversation , President Khatami told his Venezuelan counterpart , President Hugo Chavex , that the return of the legitimate president and government to power was a victory of justice and freedom .
Iran , Sunday last week , sent congratulations to Venezuela on hearing of the return of the rule of law and reinstatement of the legitimate government of President Chavez after the two-day military collapsed .
Referring to the objective of those who were behind the military coup in Venezuela , Chavez said they wwanted to have Venezuela come out from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) and therefore tried to produce more oil in order to undermine the organization .
He pointed out that U.S. President George Bush 's decision to sell arms to Taiwan last April was made to avoid an imbalance of cross-strait military force by 2005 on the one hand and to further safeguard Taiwan 's democratic achievements on the other .
23 ( CNA ) -- Republic of China President Chen Shui-bian expressed the hope Wednesday that the United States will help Taiwan 's bid for observer status in the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , following its assistance to Taiwan 's World Trade Organization ( WTO ) membership bid .
He also expressed gratitude and admiration to the United States for its firm support for Taiwan , especially in maintaining the security of the Taiwan Strait and peace in the Asia-Pacific region .
Touching on Taiwan 's WTO entry , Chen said Taiwan could not have smoothly entered the WTO if the United States government and Congress did not render their firm support to Taiwan 's bid for membership .
Taiwan 's WTO entry is not a conclusion of its goal but the beginning of its chance to play an important role in the world , Lash said , adding that the United States will continue to help Taiwan realize all its WTO expectations .
Lash also expressed gratitude to Chen for the assistance rendered by Taiwan to the United States in the wake of the Sept .
Lash in return congratulated Chen on Taiwan 's WTO entry and said that his visit shows that the United States attaches great importance to U.S.-Taiwan trade relations .
Chen also expressed hope that the United States will negotiate with Taiwan to sign a free trade zone agreement between the two countries so as to help Taiwan 's internalization and to give it more international responsibility .
Taiwan 's WTO access has given Taiwan a window to the world , a window to the century and a window of opportunity , he went on , adding that it will allow Taiwan to upgrade its competitiveness and help U.S.-Taiwan trade relations .
He congratulated Chen on the ruling Democratic Progressive Party becoming the biggest political party in the Legislative Yuan with last December 's legislative election .
" The United States was slandering China again , " said Xirao-Nima , a professor of Tibetan history at the Central University for Nationalities .
" His behaviour has violated the Chinese law , " said the Rev Cao Shengjie of the China Christian Council .
" The United States has completely violated the UN Charter and the principles of relevant international conferences and documents , " he added .
Some Westerners who have been there have also seen the ever-improving human rights in the Tibet Autonomous Region , he added .
The US human rights report also accuses China of taking advantage of anti-terrorism campaigns to crackdown on ethnic group people living in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region .
And as usual , the portion about China contains little truth and many absurdities , exaggerations and fabrications .
To back up their reckless conclusion , the report lists many incidents where it said religious freedom was violated .
But it nevertheless uses human rights issues to slander China , " CSSHR President Zhou Jue said .
" Some US politicians have made a mistake .
" It somewhat softens its tone in the China human rights report .
It has no right to issue such a false human rights report , experts said .
The United States has not only made a procedural mistake , but the facts are incorrect , officials said .
It said the United States fears " a spillover from the anti-terrorist campaign in Afghanistan and a perceived opportunity to legitimize measures against the Muslim Uighur activists under the anti-terrorism umbrella . "
Its aim of the 2001 report is to tarnish China 's image and exert political pressure on the Chinese Government , human rights experts said at a seminar held by the China Society for Study of Human Rights ( CSSHR ) on Friday .
It is heresy , " said Cao .
Renzo Gubert once said that what impressed him most is that local Tibetans enjoy a high level of religious freedom .
After visiting the region several times , Italian senator Renzo Gubert , praised the Chinese Government 's efforts to protect the indigenous cultural and religious heritage while developing the local economy .
" The United Nations has held the high goal of protecting human rights , " Jin said .
The United States often says that although al-Qaida members and the Taliban are Muslims , US troops are bombing them because they are terrorists , not Muslims , he said .
After a visit to Tibet in 2000 , the Italian parliamentary delegation issued a press communique agreeing that the development of Tibet is far better than what has been reported by some Western media .
" Throughout the report , there are many doubtful phrases , such as 'according to credible reports ' , 'various sources ' and 'anecdotal evidence , ' to name a few .
" The 'Shouters ' claim they are bigger than Jesus . "
" It is analogous to the US crackdown on terrorists in Afghanistan , " Ma said .
It shows that these so-called truths are not true at all , " said Xirao-Nima .
Whoever engages in terrorism , whether he or she is of Han people or of a minority people , should be brought to the justice , Ma said .
The report uses many unsubstantiated stories to illustrate its unwarranted assertions .
The report said China should not have arrested Li , a Hong Kong businessman , who was charged with smuggling Bibles into the country in July .
" But it never requested or authorized the United States to compile or release such reports . "
" The United States has violated the UN spirit of not interfering in other countries ' internal affairs , " said Jin Yongjian , a former deputy secretary-general of the United Nations .
The Italian senator 's words are in sharp contrast to what was contained in the so-called China human rights report compiled by the United States , which blindly accuses China of restricting religious freedom in Tibet .
Those that want to secede from the nation and engage in terrorist activities are terrorists , not any particular ethnic group , " said Ma Dazheng , director of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region 's Development Research Institute at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences .
I have seen the truth there , which is very different from what some US politicians with ulterior motives have described , " said Xirao-Nima , who is a Tibetan .
In exchange for support for its war on terror , the US is tacitly agreeing to ignore abuses by other members of the anti-terror coalition .
Six months have passed since Sept. 11 and the focus of US anger has turned to countries that have been labeled " rogue nations " and members of an " axis of evil . "
Demonizing the enemy will guarantee that peace will not be gained through war .
After all , compromising between the interests of many different countries is much better than succumbing to the interests of a single country .
It is also an approach better suited to the new century and its increasing international diversity .
Such wishful thinking risks making the US an accomplice in the destruction of human rights .
If the US , which claims to be the world 's policeman , is incapable of looking beyond US interests or of practicing the universal values of human rights , democracy and peace , then should n't the international community reconsider the role played by the UN , or learn from the way the European parliament works ?
What is most interesting about the reports is the section on Israel .
If , however , US President George W. Bush still believes in the supremacy of human rights , he must not forget the breeding ground for terrorists that exists within the anti-terrorist alliance .
US activities , meanwhile , show no sign of promoting the universal values of democracy , human rights and peace .
The report expressly points out that , " It is extremely easy for terrorists to find supporters in countries where human rights are not respected and where individual freedom is repressed . "
The US is planning to extend military aid to several countries in the alliance to enable them to root out terrorists without using US forces .
Even though almost all military mobilizations in history have been motivated by notions of good versus evil or of orthodoxy versus unorthodoxy , efforts to present the naked pursuit of US interests as a battle of good versus evil reflect a lack of understanding and tolerance .
What 's more , post-Sept. 11 restrictions in the US on entering and leaving the country and on air travel , as well as measures curbing the civil rights of accused persons , are not discussed at all .
Consolidating the anti-terrorist alliance and expanding the war against terror are overshadowing concerns about human rights .
To earn legitimacy , however , US interests must be made to appear just .
The US anti-terrorist alliance has become the embodiment of two-sided justice .
No one who has ever studied realist political science will find this surprising .
The most glaring examples are Russia 's suppression of resis-tance to its rule in Chechnya , China 's suppression of independence advocates in Xinjiang and the Falun Gong movement , and Israel 's treatment of Palestinians .
The human rights report poses a substantial challenge to the US interpretation of good and evil .
The report is generally quite frank and its wording strong , but it proposes no corrective action .
Apart from criticizing the " axis of evil " countries for abusing human rights , it also listed abuses in several countries that are members of the anti-terrorist alliance .
Since Israel suffers from terrorist attacks , the report says , it has been forced to take counter-terrorism measures , making its rights abuses understandable .
" If you 're not with us , you 're against us . "
Put simply , what we are seeing is the naked pursuit of US interests .
To prove that human rights are important ammunition in the battle against terror , then , the US must attack terrorism to make human rights matter to these countries .
A number of observers believe that the reasons behind America 's opposition to Chavez and its support for Venezuela under the generals who carried out the coup against him go back to the domestic and foreign plans and policies of Chavez .
They had been thinking about ways of ousting Chavez from the presidential palace in Caracas .
America was trying to guarantee the flow of Venezuelan crude oil to itself by overthrowing Chavez and the seizing of power in the Venezuelan presidential palace by the dependent generals .
This is something that the American officials have acknowledged on many occasions .
This is while before Chavez , Venezuela used to be called the " errant member " within OPEC , a member that would follow less the concerted decisions of OPEC and observe less its own quotas .
America called the action of several military generals , who were supported by capitalist as well as bankers , as the victory of democracy in Venezuela under circumstances where Hugo Chavez had come to power in 1988 through a popular process .
He also accused America of killing innocent children and people during the Afghan war , met with " Mo'ammar Qadhafi " and " Saddam Hoseyn " , the presidents of Libya and Iraq and long-term enemies of Washington , and had a very close relationship with the Cuban leader " Fidel Castro " .
Ever since he came to power , Chavez had refused to accept America 's biding and had called on Washington on numerous occasions to stop intervening in his country .
The Bush administration 's support for the Venezuelan putschists is testament to this .
What is more , the promoting of a constitutional reform plan and carrying out of extensive economic reforms have led to his re-election in July 2000 as the president of Venezuela for a further six year term .
That is to say , he adopted positions where supply of oil by OPEC would be reduced and oil prices supported .
The combination of Chavez 's performance and policies brought on the wrath of American President Bush to the extent that he failed to hide his anger during his visit to Peru .
Moreover , in its posturing with respect to this country , America declared that democracy had been victorious in Venezuela .
Besides these instances of American hostility towards Chavez , mention must be made of his oil policy within OPEC .
Following a series of domestic reforms , especially in the agriculture , energy and banking sectors and describing communism and capitalism as futile , Chavez caused the business leaders , bankers and capitalist to distance themselves from him and thus paved the way for their opposition to his power .
This is why one can not dismiss the effects of the intensification of the Middle East crisis , Iraq 's initiative in using crude oil as a political weapon against Washington and the debate on an extensive oil embargo against the supporters of Israel on the events of the past few days in Venezuela as well as America 's support for the putschists there .
Finally , America prescribes liberal democracy for others yet fails itself to accord any value to democratic principles in the world .
The new laws were described by leaders of the economy as deviant and unfair and these leaders organised and stage-managed street demonstrations against Chavez with the help of the biggest trade and commercial unions as well as a sector of the army .
The rapid events and the changing of power in Venezuela indicate that the putschists did not enjoy a popular base and the Venezuelan people as well as the military in the country did not endorse the coup government of " Pedro Carmona " who was being supported by America .
America was the only country that came to the support of the putschists immediately after they took power in Venezuela .
Powell had stressed that Venezuela is able to , as in the past , that is to say , the era of the military rule in that country , play an effective role in America 's policies in Latin America .
Outside the borders of Venezuela , Chavez faced America 's hostility .
Moreover , the American Secretary of State " Powell " also has recently announced in his annual report to the American Congress that taking into account Hugo Chavez 's closeness to countries that are not dependent on America , he is not considered to be a trustworthy pawn in the Latin American region .
During his meetings with Peruvian officials , Bush spoke of America 's dislike of Chavez .
" The Taiwan issue is the most important and sensitive issue at the core of Sino-US relations , " she said at the biweekly ministry briefing .
China has considered Taiwan a renegade province since 1949 and has threatened to bring it back by force if it continues to indefinitely refuse proposals for " peaceful reunification . "
She refused to confirm an April 26 to May 3 visit by Chinese Vice President Hu Jintao to Washington , as reported in the Hong Kong press .
US officials denied Wolfowitz 's remarks reflected a change in US policy on Taiwan .
" Our position is clear , " he continued .
Wolfowitz expressed concern about China 's continuing deployment of forces and tactical missiles to areas across the straits from Taiwan .
" We do n't support Taiwan independence , but we oppose the use of force . "
BEIJING , April 11 ( AFP ) - China on Thursday slammed increasingly close ties between the United States and Taiwan , demanding an end to official exchanges between the two and to US weapons sales .
Zhang said : " The remarks of the US official are a ... violation of US commitments made ( on Taiwan ) and interference in China internal affairs .
Military tensions in the Taiwan Strait were " not in the self-interests of the United States , " she warned .
The visit , if Beijing allows it , is widely expected to be centered on China 's dissatisfaction over the Taiwan issue .
" The continual sale of arms by the United States or upgrading of relations with Taiwan will only lead to tensions across the straits , " foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said .
" We demand the US strictly abide by the commitments it has made to China , correct its erroneous acts or remarks so as to avoid new harm to China-US relations . "
Zhang further expressed alarm over Washington 's announcement Wednesday that defense department officials will soon visit Taiwan to discuss the sale of eight diesel electric submarines .
" China has always resolutely opposed any form of official exchanges or military intercourse between the United States and Taiwan , " Zhang said .
Zhang also bashed remarks made last month by US Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz at a meeting in Florida , attended by visiting Taiwanese Defense Minister Tang Yao-Ming .
Beijing has also long refused to establish diplomatic relations with any nation that maintains official contact with Taiwan , although it has encouraged economic exchanges between Taiwan and all nations .
China is firmly opposed to the remarks . "
" The United States is committed to doing whatever it takes to help Taiwan defend itself , " said Wolfowitz , echoing President George W. Bush 's remarks made when he first took office last year .
" We hope US behaves as it says , strictly abide by the three Sino-US Communiques and stop using the Taiwan issue to interfere in China 's internal affairs , " Zhang said .
The spokeswoman urged the US to strictly abide by the serious commitments that it had made to the Chinese government and Chinese people and stop the wrong actions so as to avoid further damage to Sino-US relations .
Zhang stressed that history had repeatedly proved that US arms sales to Taiwan and its elevation US-Taiwan relations would only incite the separatists in their attempts to split Taiwan from mainland and would lead to the deterioration of Taiwan Straits situation and boiled down to the jeopardy of the interests of the US itself .
The Taiwan issue was at the core of Sino-US relations , reiterated Zhang , emphasizing that any measures or remarks that ran against the three Sino-US Joint Communiques would undermine Sino-US relations .
The remarks seriously violated the commitments made by the US government in the three Sino-US Joint Communiques , said Zhang , adding that those remarks , out of ulterior motives , interfered in China 's internal affairs .
Beijing , April 9 ( XINHUA ) -- The Taiwan issue is purely China 's internal affair and no other country in the world should interfere , Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said in response to claims from a high-ranking US military official that the US would do everything needed to protect Taiwan .
Your gift to Goodwill is important because people with physical and Mental disabilities sometimes need an extra hand to know the pride that comes with work .
The only thing I did know for sure was here 's a chance to change things for me and my children ...
I really like my job .
Your gift to Goodwill will be used directly to support services that will help even more find jobs .
If I wasn't working here ...
I was sad when I could n't go to the snack bar to buy a soda .
Before I got to Goodwill , I was on a mission .
A robust economy helps by providing job opportunities , but to be honest , most of the people who are n't working today are quite simply the ones who face the greatest obstacles .
I would be sad ...
Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs .
I am now ...
I just wanted a job .
Now , I 'm on a journey .
Their one common goal : they all want to work .
To help you see how much your contribution means , I 'm sharing with you The words of people who have lived Goodwill 's mission .
I wanted to be there ...
It did n't matter what the job was , I just wanted one .
Use the enclosed card and give a generous gift to Goodwill today !
Maureen Because turning welfare recipients into tax payers just makes sense .
Sherry Because people want to work .
Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent .
We want you to Know why your support of Goodwill is so important .
I 've got more than a job ; I 've got a career .
I was on welfare and without my diploma .
Donna Because teaching a man to fish will keep him fed for his entire life .
December 1998 Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know .
You can help them to know that feeling .
I like working and making money .
My instructor played a role like no other instructor I 've ever had I appreciate everything that Goodwill has done for me .
The kinds of services we provide help people deal with obstacles like health care , transportation and child care -problems that are big enough on their own without being compounded by factors like physical and mental disabilities , illiteracy and lack of job skills .
Right now , there are thousands of people who do not know what it feels like to support themselves .
Goodwill helps people get off of public assistance .
Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success .
I 've got more than a job ; I 've got a career .
Please use the enclosed envelope to give a generous gift to Goodwill today !
In addition to that , by helping them find jobs , Goodwill reduced the state's Public Support tab by an estimated $ 4 million .
He trained in desktop publishing and combined his enthusiastic work ethic with new-found skills in a burgeoning industry .
Sherry learned through our Future Works class that she could rise out of the mire of the welfare system and support her family .
Your gift to Goodwill will help us do even more this year because your gift will be used to directly support our work .
Cornell found a number of employment options that he never dreamed existed after a work-site injury forced him out of his job at a foundry .
I am now ...
Remember what she said in my last letter ?
At Goodwill she gained in self-confidence , in her vision of her future and in the job skills she needed to find and keep a good job .
Your support will help them go to work .
Sincerely , William A Carter , Chairman Goodwill Industries Foundation P.S . Your gift is a wise investment in the community .
I wanted to be there ...
Here 's another story of success from what might seem like an unlikely source : Goodwill 's controller , Juli .
I rode a bike to Goodwill in the rain and snow .
If I was n't working here ...
I had my second chance to change my life .
Goodwill prepares people for life-long employment .
After Maureen 's job coach taught her how to do her job in a restaurant , we helped Maureen step out of the shadow sometimes cast over people with physical and mental disabilities and find a fulfilling job smack dab in the middle of society .
I would be sad ...
Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent .
Real results .
The magazine stated that Goodwill ( as well as the other standouts ) is " uniquely effective , innovative or valuable .
You and I know that solutions to difficult problems do n't just happen .
once his tears have subsided , he confirms what his classmates have already figured out : he just received a job offer -- his first in five years .
Neither do the rest of us who feel the positive results of their success .
In their December , 1995 review of the nation 's best charities , U.S. News & World Report called Goodwill one of the five " Standout Good Guys .
He proudly leaves Goodwill to support himself .
We do n't waste time as we are helping the community .
Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier , the positive effects radiate throughout our community : The business community welcomes not only another worker , but a consumer with increased purchasing power .
Just like the respect we've earned from U.S. News & World Report .
Please use the enclosed response card and envelope to give generously to Goodwill today .
With the help of friends like you , Goodwill has continued to adapt our services to meet the human needs of our changing society .
Just like the impact Goodwill's work has on our community .
A participant in a Goodwill program rushes back from a job interview to share the results with his classmates in our desktop publishing training program .
Your support helps provide real solutions .
I know you can ...
Neither do we .
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste .
Tax dollars that would have been spent on public assistance are saved .
Parents act as role models of self-sufficiency instead of dependency .
Eventually , he turns your support into a payoff for all of us .
You can get off welfare .
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for , find and keep jobs .
Real work .
While I appreciate U.S. News & World Report 's endorsement , the true value of your support is measured by the way Goodwill takes on problems that affect all of us .
A real difference in people 's lives -- in all of our lives .
He has no time to waste .
And we don't waste money .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : " You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , " she says .
Sincerely ,
Everyone benefits from the work we do together .
We 've expanded Goodwill 's proven methods to towns and neighborhoods where they are needed most .
Everyone has .
Support Goodwill with a generous donation today .
So our work must continue .
And there are a lot of people who face these challenges every day of their lives .
Of course , we 've played different roles .
Who has benefited from our partnership ?
December 10 , 1996 Dear Mailhouse donor reminder : You and I have done some important work together .
Please continue our important partnership .
When you and I help somebody find a job , one more person joins the ranks of tax payers , fewer tax dollars are spent on public assistance and businesses gain another consumer .
Goodwill has devised the programs that turned your investment into results .
We 've helped people break free of the welfare cycle .
There are a lot of barriers that keep people from working : physical and mental disabilities , history of welfare dependency and lack of education or self-esteem .
You have helped make Goodwill 's work possible with your previous support .
With support from people like you , they can overcome their barriers and earn success and the self-sufficiency that comes with it .
For 18 long months Michael could not find a job .
He resorted to public assistance dollars to survive .
November 15 , 1994 Dear , Think of your greatest accomplishments .
Michael Sims felt that way at age 39 -- the day he earned a job .
Think of the joy and success they bring to you and your loved ones .
They face some barrier to employment and they want to work .
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in , money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success , not hopelessness .
At last , he has found success in a job that he loves .
At Goodwill , Michael 's counselors felt that his personable demeanor could be a major attribute and identified for him a possible job-match where his people skills could shine .
Finally , Michael called Goodwill .
Sincerely , James M. McClelland President P.S . Your gift will make a difference .
Your gift will help give new meaning to the word success -- for people who have seldom had reason to use the word .
And then the pay-off begins for the entire community .
Their complaint : the system discourages working because unemployment provides benefits that many entry-level jobs do n't include .
And welfare reform is an uncertain solution with an unknown starting date .
Welfare is not the answer .
While the debate on welfare reform is gathering like a storm at sea , the people who need jobs are floundering .
Goodwill works .
March 17 , 2000 Name Address City , ST , Zip Dear Name : When Jerry was released from prison , he knew it would take hard work and determination to straighten out his life .
For as long as he needs it , Goodwill will continue to help .
With unemployment at its lowest point in years in central Indiana , many people still have a hard time finding meaningful employment .
Your support of Goodwill will provide job training and placement services to help the hardest to serve in central Indiana find meaningful employment .
But Goodwill offers hope even to people with numerous obstacles to overcome , like Jerry .
Your generosity will help people help themselves .
Reality hit when he was unable to reconcile with his wife and ended up on the street .
And , with your assistance , Goodwill can help employers develop resources to keep workers on the job .
He knew he had made a bad mistake , but despite his commitment to rebuilding his life , he just did n't count on the obstacles that would be thrown up in his path .
June 21 , 1999 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear , Do you remember the combination of elation and apprehension you felt when you first left home ?
Because Pleasant Run is the only " family " for so many , our Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive adult .
Sincerely , Mary Roth Executive Director
To help them establish themselves in the community , the Pleasant Run Emancipation fund was begun in 1993 by private donors who wanted to provide a measure of financial support for those leaving our programs .
Often it is a long , hard struggle , but the results are well worth it .
Families are being torn apart , and too often , children are the victims .
The biggest tragedy is that the problems do n't go away ; they only grow .
Real people !
November 27 , 1995 Dear Friend : What kind of people benefit by your contribution to Pleasant Run Children 's Homes ?
Little ones , like Baby Jessica , caught in the struggle between adoptive and birth parents .
Federal , state and local governments are freezing or withdrawing much-needed funding sources for people who are truly in need .
We would n't exist if the need were n't there .
They leave Pleasant Run , generally , ready and able to contribute to society .
The positive side .
It is a fund-raising appeal .
The numbers of children who deserve our services are rising ... as quickly as our programs can grow to serve them .
We 're proud of our children and all that they overcome .
But there 's no reason why we should n't share good news at the same time .
In spite of that , Pleasant Run Children 's Homes , with the help of hundreds of volunteers and others who really care , continues to make a significant impact on the futures of families and kids in need of help .
Yet few of us hear enough about kids who live through these adversities and do make the grade .
Please help us help them .
These are special children .
Pleasant Run Children 's Homes ... " where good kids get better .
June 26 , 1995 Dear Friend :
They come into a Pleasant Run program ... whether it 's for therapeutic help in their own homes ( which nurtures whole families ) , through foster care families or in the familial surroundings of our residential homes .
Sincerely , Mary Roth Tom Hirschauer
Sincerely , Mary Roth Executive Director
Let our families and children know that you want them to have the same kinds of memories of the holidays you will have .
Your contribution will make a difference in a child 's life .
Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care for .
It can certainly make happy holiday memories .
Dear Friends of Pleasant Run : The holiday season is the time of year when we 're all busy buying gifts , baking goodies , decorating our homes and making arrangements to be with family and friends .
It may help a family stay together .
Pleasant Run cares for at-risk children and families .
And this time of year is an occasion to remember those not as fortunate as we are .
If you are interested and would like more information , please contact Lisa Lusk or Marcia Whited at 693-9222 .
But , the holiday season is a particularly difficult time for these families .
Thank you for considering this opportunity to make this a memorable holiday season for a family in need .
Sincerely ,
It 's hard to believe that the holiday season is only two months away .
We are asking you to consider sponsoring one of our families for this holiday season .
We would like to have families matched with sponsors non later than xxxx .
They do not have the resources necessary to purchase gifts or food for a holiday meal .
After our caseworkers meet with these families and their children they often find they lack even the basic necessities such as cooking utensils , beds , cleaning supplies , etc . We meet these needs immediately .
Sincerely , Richard Dickinson P.S . You can make a difference in a child 's life .
Please make camp possible for all deserving Indianapolis children and send in a tax deductible contribution today in the enclosed envelope .
A time for a youngster to enjoy the fun and benefits of residential camp living , dedicated staff and instruction , and a chance to make special friends .
June 1 , 1998 BOYS & Girls Club OF INDIANAPOLIS Dear Friend , It 's summertime , so it must be time for CAMP !
I know you 're committed to ensuring today 's children have safe , healthy , and positive summer experiences .
Please read the enclosed brochure for more information on the wonderful Super Summer Safari Camp !
In addition to the fun stuff , important life-skills such as self-esteem , leadership , and interpersonal cooperation are being developed .
February 26 , 1999 Dear , Kids today face overwhelming pressures , everything from trouble at home to gangs and drugs .
We reach out to kids -- especially those from disadvantaged neighborhoods where the risks are highest .
Your contribution last year of helped us get where we are today .
Would you please consider a gift of the same in 1999 ?
The kids are depending on you .
To accomplish this , the five area Boys & Girls Clubs of Indianapolis must be open and available when the kids need them , with the staff and programs the kids need to reach and grow into responsible and caring citizens .
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence , of usefulness , a sense of belonging and of influence .
Youngsters often find themselves feeling alienated and alone .
We are counting on you now to help us get where we need to be tomorrow .
Please detach and return in the enclosed envelope .
Please , give generously .
From basketball , kickball , volleyball , archery , crafts , an egg toss , and even a walk through our creek , you will have plenty to do to get you good and hungry .
A fund raiser dedicated to you and your family having fun ! !
Hungry , you bet !
Saturday , September 20,1997 , from 2:00 p.m. until 7:00 p.m. , marks a special day , as Jameson Camp will hold its first ever Jameson Grill .
The Grill will feature enough activities that you and your kids will have a tough time deciding what to do .
The Jameson Grill has been designed to be nothing but fun for you , your family , employees , and maybe even your neighbors .
In addition , we will have soft drinks and a raffle , so that you can walk home with a great prize !
Come one , Come all to the Inaugural Jameson Grill The only fund raising event in the world where you can bring your entire family , other employees , or maybe even your neighbors .
After we receive your commitment , we will contact you about picking up your contribution .
This event is designed to be fun for campers , their families , friends of the camp , neighbors , staff , and anyone interested in finding out more about Jameson .
This year Jameson Camp is planning an Inaugural fund-raising event : The Jameson Grill !
Your quick response will help us begin organizing our prizes .
In short , Fun for Everyone !
We appreciate your support of our first event of this type .
Your contribution will help with funding so Jameson Camp can continue providing the year-round camping experience that gives kids a chance to create dreams .
The goal of our organized camping experience is to improve the total health of the children socially , emotionally , and physically .
We need your help in continuing the work of Jameson Camp .
Can you help support this wonderful event by furnishing any type of products or services that can be used as prizes for our activities or as a raffle prize ?
Dear Mr./Mrs . Name :
Lucky attendees can go home with a great prize .
Sincerely , Pat Bray Director of Development Help Blaze The Trail -- 1997 Jameson Camp Thank you for your last Annual Fund Gift !
These 60 or so campers have takenon a fund raiser with a goal of raising $ 16,000 for camperships .
Even after the summer sessions come to a close , Jameson campers will take part in year-round programs designed to keep that positive contact with peers and role models alive and important .
I can tell you we need your help now as much as ever before .
If you can give a little more to help meet this increased expense we would appreciate your support .
And we 're just getting started !
July 25,1997 Dear Name , What a Summer !
Sincerely , Julie Marsh Executive Director P.S . We know our follow-up weekends are going to be better attended than ever this fall and winter .
All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity ( and , truth be told , with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in ) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open .
And that 's from kids many people see as a problem .
Please , consider renewing your support of these great kids today .
I hope you 'll consider continuing your support of Jameson 's special campers by renewing your last gift of $ xxx .
Two of them told me yesterday that as a group they decided they had to earn the right to ask others for help by accomplishing something real to help themselves .
It seems summer options are n't readily available for troubled kids whose families have limited incomes , so we 're doing all we can to make Jameson available .
If these special children are to become the adults we all need them to be , we have to lead them in the right direction right now .
That means we now have the opportunity to be a stable , positive and important part of each child 's life for an entire decade .
Confidence .
The teens have also decided to raise money to provide camperships for other campers because they know what Jameson has meant to them .
Dear Mrs. Name ,
What has your support of our campers meant to them and what have they been able to accomplish because you care ?
If you can increase your last donation , we would appreciate that show of support for the campers and their efforts to overcome obstacles and create successful lives .
Sincerely , Julie Marsh , Executive Director P.S . You make it possible for us to help special kids with learning disabilities , behavior problems and economic disadvantages to gain the confidence required to put genuine effort into achieving real goals .
Caring about others .
I hope you 'll continue -- and if possible increase - your support for these great kids .
An understanding that , above anything else , success requires genuine effort , a willingness to set challenging goals .
These are the attributes we want all children to have .
Please consider renewing your gift today .
The kids need your leadership now more than ever .
The best indicator I can give you of the positive effect our year-round contact has is the growth in and deeds of the Youth Leadership teens .
Thank you again for helping point the way .
Jameson points the way for children who need that extra hand and I hope you 'll continue your support this year .
We look forward to hearing from you .
We would like to offer our youth a small reward for their participation by presenting them with gift certificates from Target .
Target is well known for it 's support of the community , and we believe that the Summer Enrichment Program represents your interests and concerns quite well .
The end result will be kids who have a better understanding of and vision for their own future , be it college or a career .
As you can see from the enclosed map , your Target store is located in the heart of four of our service areas .
In return , we will recognize Target as a sponsor during our event and in the event program .
I will be happy to supply any additional information you may need and thank you for your consideration of our request .
Therefore , we are asking you to donate 45 , $ 10 gift certificates that can be used toward the purchase of school supplies or clothing , in the total amount of $ 450 .
Sincerely , Valery De Long Director of Development
Where else would that many people turn if CCI were n't there to help ?
This in turn will help us to increase and even improve the services we offer .
We 're at an exciting juncture and it wo n't be long until we start seeing solid results from our efforts .
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level , we can show our in-house commitment through 100 % board participation .
We 've worked hard to structrue the organization so that we 've ready to move boldly into the next century , and I believe that we have an exciting and successful future ahead of us .
I know that our staff and committee members will be happy to go with you to talk to these group if you need their help .
Your financial support of the development process is just one step in making CCI a stronger , more efficient and ultimately more effective federation of service providers .
One of the areas we 've decided to focus on is development .
Please , make your contribution today .
I also encourage you to seek additional support through your company , church , or service organization .
With this in mind , I am asking each one of you to make a personal contribution of $ 50 , $ 100 or even $ 1,000 to show that you believe in the work that we do and are willing to support it with both your time and your finances .
MMM F_NAME L_NAME TITLE COMPANY ADDRESS CITY , ST ZIP March 4 , 1999 Dear LTR_NAME : CCI has come a long way in the last five years .
Sincerely , J.Chris Graffeo Chair P.S . If you have any questions , feel free to call Valery De Long at CCI , 638-3360 x23 .
The community initiatives committee is working with our development office to put together a long-range fundraising plan that will ultimately bring more money into our centers .
It 's clear that if we do n't increase our base of private funding , we wo n't have the kind of control we need to ensure the continued success of our centers and the very important services they offer .
Sincerely , Earline S. Moore President Valery De Long Director of Development
More than 34,000 people benefited from our services in 1997 , and the final count for 1998 could be even higher .
We 're asking for a contribution in the amount of because you ca n't got a better bang for your buck than to support an organization that impacts so many lives in so many ways .
Dear Name :
Your gift will enable CCI to provide these and other necessary services at a neighborhood level , face-to-face , where it counts .
Please , make a tax deductible gift to Community Centers of Indianapolis in 1999 , and know that COMPANY is playing an important part in meeting the needs of its community .
We thank you for your consideration , and look forward to hearing from you .
This is exactly what happened in 1997 when Community Centers of Indianapolis provided its comprehensive , neighborhood-based services to individuals and families all over Marion County .
One , IndyGo in April adopted a much-needed policy that all young people under the age of 19 may ride on their buses at half the normal fare all year long .
As it has been an exciting year for all of us , MCCOY , Inc .
is here to support your valuable efforts to develop young people .
Two , funding was made available this summer for youth organizations and churches to conduct positive youth programming on Saturday evenings .
One group of adults and one group of youth , through two very different processes , have arrived at the same conclusion ; our community still has much to do if we are to help ALL of your youth successfully develop into the responsible , productive adults who will our community in the future .
led two efforts that , we believe , will help our community continue to take the steps necessary to help all young people grow up and develop well .
Sincerely , John F. Brandon , President MCCOY , Inc .
Participants in the Youth Outcomes Educational Initiative identified three goals for all our youth to obtain : economic self-sufficiency , healthy family , social relationships , and involvement in the community .
I obviously ca n't tell the whole story of MCCOY in a single letter but I hope this provides an overview of the scope of our work .
As you begin that process this year , I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth , Inc .
Please consider joining together with your fellow citizens in support of the work of the Marion County Commission on Youth .
I am hopeful that you as an individual and Meridian Insurance as a corporation might consider becoming sustaining supporters of MCCOY .
I will call you in a few weeks to discuss your level of interest .
Its purpose is to encourage collaboration and cooperation between the various agencies , programs , and systems that serve our community 's youth .
January 5 , 1997 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Bill : This is the time of year when our thoughts turn to ways to do things differently , things that will make our lives better and improve the quality of our life .
Sincerely , John Brandon Executive Director
It is our goal that every young person in Marion County have access to the programs and services that can best assist them in their growth toward a positive adulthood .
Thanking you in advance for your support , we remain , Sincerely , John T. Neighbours Philip B. Roby President Treasurer John F. Brandon Executive Director
McCoy invites the support of The __ Company Foundation in the amount of $ 10,000.00 to support such activities as : -- -- the co-ordination of youth leadership training and youth empowerment efforts at the neighborhood level by means of neighborhood-based youth councils ; -- -- the promotion of youth employment opportunities ; -- -- the facilitation of ongoing discussions regarding effective and efficient youth service delivery ; -- -- the provision of technical assistance and guidance to neighborhoods which seek positive youth-adult relationships ; -- -- the development of community-wide supports for the positive growth of all Marion County young people .
McCoy has only one interest : the well being of Marion County 's young people .
We have met with a number of successes along the way , most notably the Summer Fun Line , the Metro Summer Bus Pass , and the development of ten neighborhood youth councils .
Your contribution will enable us to both continue and expand the good work we have begun in making Indianapolis a city famous for its commitment to youth and families .
As a team , these three organizations are working with neighborhood youth and adults to build a " Caring Neighborhood with Youth " , mobilizing the assets of young people and adults as partners to build a better neighborhood for all .
October 7 , 1996 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name : In the summer of 1993 , the Marion County Commission on Youth began what can best be described as a " new era " in its history .
We believe there is no more appropriate time to have a coordinated and collaborative effort to financially support the services MCCOY offers to the community as a whole .
A Providers Council and a Youth Coalition are building relationships that will hopefully bear great fruit in the years to come .
In the last several years , the business and corporate community has recognized that the positive development of youth is directly related to the development of a competent workforce .
We seek the financial support of the Foundation to help us be successful in creating the atmosphere in our community where young people can grow and develop well .
McCoy is actively represented and working with numerous community collaborations where we regularly raise our voice to speak out for the inclusion of young people in both decision-making and program planning processes .
Youth who are supported and encouraged by both a family and a society that values Them have a much greater likelihood of becoming productive and contributing members of adult society .
Since its re-organization , MCCOY has established its unique niche within the community by refraining from direct service programming and focusing on what it does best : helping to identify youth needs , convening groups of individuals and organizations which can address those needs , and moving toward collaborative solutions .
The formation of The Community Academy , a pilot project directed at expelled students from local school systems , has come about as a result of MCCOY 's efforts to mobilize community agencies in response to a pressing issue .
While we have made significant inroads , there remains much to be done and it is clear that we can not do it alone .
As a sponsor , you and your guests will have a special evening , knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support preschool , childcare , senior and resettlement services , as well as quality cultural events in our community .
Enclosed is a corporate sponsorship package that includes a sample auction book from last year 's event , JCC market statistics and an overview of the many programs that will be preserved and strengthened through your generous support .
We are seeking to build partnerships between businesses and our not-for-profit agency .
Thank you in advance for your consideration .
July 28 , 1999 Dear Join us for the " Sale of the Century " at JCC Auction '99 , on Saturday , November 13 , 1999 .
One of us will call you to discuss how your company can become an important highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our scholarship programs .
Because you are an organization that cares , you are invited to become an integral part of this fabulous event by becoming a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99 .
Sincerely , Judy Laikin , Chair Auction '99 Sponsor Committee
The JCC would be very pleased to welcome your organization as a corporate sponsor .
One of us will call you to discuss how your company can continue to be an important , highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our scholarship programs .
Dear Name :
As a sponsor , you and your guests will have a special evening , knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support preschool , childcare , senior and resettlement services , as well as quality cultural events in our community .
Sincerely , Judy Laikin , Chair Auction '99 Sponsor Committee
Thank you in advance for your consideration .
Because you are an organization that cares , you are invited once again to be an integral part of this fabulous event as a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99 .
Enclosed is a corporate sponsorship package that includes a sample of your ad from last year 's auction book , current JCC market statistics and an overview of the many JCC programs that will be preserved and strengthened through your generous support .
We are so grateful for your generous contribution to last year's auction .
Your continued participation is very important to the JCC , as we work to build partnerships between businesses and our not-for-profit agency .
Name Address City , State , Zip Dear Name , It 's tough growing up today .
If you have not supported Big Sisters in the past , please join me in doing so by completing and returning the enclosed pledge form .
You can make an impact by supporting Big Sisters Annual Campaign and our $ 200,000 goal .
But caring adults like you can reach out and help .
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow , helping youth become strong , independent adults of tomorrow .
When young people do n't have that support , they need other resources for encouragement to guide them along the way .
Sincerely ,
If you are a regular contributor to the Annual Campaign , I encourage you to consider increasing your gift by 10 % .
Big Sisters helps bridge that gap by providing children with the resources they need -- Big Sisters volunteers .
Big Sisters are mentors and friends who empower girls to more fully reach their potential , experience life 's opportunities and perhaps begin to dream .
It 's the perfect time to make a world of difference .
This is an impressive number ; but for each girl served , more are left unserved .
Your $ 1,000 contribution can put a mentor in a child 's life-and hope in a child 's future .
Imagine the difference the community could make if each congregation pledged its support of one Big Sisters match !
Big Sisters helps fill that void by matching caring , responsible adult volunteers with at-risk girls , ages 8-14 .
Today , we are offering you the opportunity to help change a life .
A Big Sister is a mentor , a friend and a role model , helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible , productive and successful adult .
Sincerely , Dr. Linda McCoy Pastor , THE GARDEN A Blossom of St. Luke 's United Methodist Church
I encourage you to Join me in presenting this matchmaker challenge to your congregation .
It 's even harder when she is n't .
It 's hard enough for her to make good decisions when she's surrounded by support .
It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl-when small changes in her behavior , or the choices she makes , can affect her future .
This is positive proof that Big Sisters one-to-one mentoring program helps change lives .
This money maintains the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships .
But for each girl served , more are left unserved .
August 6 , 1998 Dear Friend : Adolescence .
I am very thankful to the Big Sisters program for allowing me this very special opportunity .
I have become more open-minded , more responsible , and , most importantly , I have gained a lot more self-confidence .
Do not play it safe .
Many Little Sisters are preparing to go back to school this fall full of hope and with a positive outlook .
Since then , she and I have grown very close and I have been able to experience lots of new things .
You are an important part in making sure these young people are matched with caring adult mentors .
It will also be used to help maintain the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships , including volunteer orientation and training and ongoing supervision and support by a professional staff .
Your contribution will be used to recruit and retain quality volunteers .
Will you make a financial gift to Big Sisters in 1999 that will ensure that more young people receive the guidance they need , that more young people stay in school , stay off drugs and make good choices ?
This year your gift can go farther !
A recent study bypositive Public/Private Ventures ( PPV ) showed that girls who had a Big Sister for just one year : reduced first-time drug use by 46 % lowered school absenteeism by 52 % cut violent behavior by 33 % enhanced school performance showed improved peer and family relationships Former Little Sister Amy , now 18-years old , is a testament to the Big Sisters program .
This fund will support the goal of having 550 mentoring relationships by the end of 1999 and 1,200 by the end of 2004 .
But the need is still great .
With your help , we can change that .
Thanks to our Big Sisters volunteers , these young people are self-confident , believe in themselves and are beginning to realize their full potential .
Do not sit this one out .
Make a world worthy of the children that your generation will bear .
We often hear about economic poverty , but what some of these young people are growing up with is emotional poverty-they have often given up on hope and the possibility of a successful future .
Sincerely , Andrew T. Burns Patron Relations Chairperson P.S . When you give to Big Sisters , you can get 50 % back !
Not only did I have a lot of fun with my Big Sister , but I learned a lot from her too .
Make our society better .
August 10 , 1999 Mr. Caring Philanthropy 01234 Giving Way Contribution , USA 56789 Dear Mr. Philanthropy , " The urgency you feel to make changes is just the extent that change will be made .
Thank you very much for your time , attention and consideration .
Understand the world and change it where it needs to be changed ...
Carl Sagan You can help make positive changes in the lives of at-risk youth in central Indiana .
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids , strong families and strong communities .
You have shared in the vision and the leadership of the YMCA of Greater Indianapolis .
They are learning to make positive choices concerning alcohol , tobacco and other drugs and to support each other when those choices are challenged .
Thank you .
Sincerely , Richard H. Gilbert , Jr. Past Board Member YMCA of Greater Indianapolis
March 29 , 1999 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name : The 1999 Invest in Youth Campaign is in full swing .
The Invest in Youth campaign helps insure this .
We would like to announce the success of this year's campaign at the Annual Meeting on April 27 , so please return you pledge or gift within the next 30 days .
We must be able to reach all youth and families interested in values-based programs .
The Urban Mission Branch is reaching out to middle school youth with programs based on caring , honesty , respect and responsibility for themselves and others .
Please consider joining the Chairman's Roundtable with a gift of $ 1,000 .
Washington < LU_ANNOTATE > The Iraqi government has agreed to let U.S. Rep. Tony Hall visit the country next week to assess a humanitarian crisis that has festered since the Gulf War of 1990 , Hall 's office said Monday .
Iraq clears visit by Ohio official By Scott Montgomery
The Dayton Democrat , who has traveled to other crisis points including Sierra Leone and North Korea , will spend three days visiting hospitals and other facilities to seek understanding why aid has been ineffective in stemming malnourishment and other medical problems .
Iraq has been under economic sanctions since the war ended , which some say have thwarted the country 's ability to recover from the devastation of the bombing campaign .
He did not speak to reporters in Jordan , but he told The Associated Press before leaving the United States that he hopes to " separate the humanitarian work from the political issues .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
Ohio Congressman Arrives in Jordan < LU_ANNOTATE > AMMAN , Jordan ( AP ) U.S. Representative Tony Hall arrived in Jordan on Saturday en route to Iraq , where he is expected to look into the plight of Iraqis after nearly 10 years of U.N. trade sanctions .
If supplies are not reaching the people who need them , Hall said , he wanted to find out whether the United Nations or relief agencies needed to handle things differently , or whether " Iraq needs to get out of the way and let us do the job .
He said he would pay particular attention to what happens to food and medicine entering the country under the U.N. oil-for-food program .
U.S . Congressman Arrives in Iraq for Landmark Visit BAGHDAD , April 16 ( Xinhua ) -- < START ANNOTATION > U.S . Congressman Tony Hall arrived here Sunday evening , becoming the first U.S. lawmaker to visit Iraq since the 1991 Gulf War .
At the entrance of the Mansour Hotel , Hall made a brief statement , saying that he came to Iraq because he has heard for a long time about the humanitarian situation here , especially the malnutrition among the Iraqi children and the increasing mortality rate of the children and the elderly .
The visit is not a political visit , it is a visit of humanitarian concerns , " he added .
He also said that his visit will mainly focus on the humanitarian situation of Iraq , which has been under crippling U.N. sanctions since its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , the primacord of the 1991 Gulf War .
But he insisted the international community can do a much better job in helping Iraq deal with its economic and health problems .
Rep. Tony Hall , D-Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .
Lawmaker Appeals for Innocent Iraqis By HASSAN ABDULWAHAB , Associated Press Writer < LU_ANNOTATE > BASRA , Iraq ( AP ) A U.S. lawmaker assessing the impact of U.N. sanctions on Iraq said Wednesday it is important not only to force Baghdad to give up its weapons of mass destruction but also to do more to ease the hardships on ordinary Iraqis .
It was very , very important " to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that " it can not use or export them to other countries , " he told Associated Press Television News .
One way would be to speed up the flow of health supplies and other urgent commodities to the country under a U.N. humanitarian program , he said .
Hall said on Monday that he regretted the miserable humanitarian situation in Iraq while visiting a hospital in the Mansour district of the Iraqi capital .
XIE20000420.0165 2000-04-20 U.S . Congressman Concludes Landmark Visit to Iraq BAGHDAD , April 20 ( Xinhua ) -- < LU_ANNOTATE > U.S. Democratic Party Congressman Tony Hall left here Thursday after concluding his landmark visit to Iraq , which has been under sweeping U.N. sanctions since 1990 .
In a statement , Hall expressed regret over the negative impacts of the decade-old sanctions on Iraqi people .
Hall , who recently returned from a trip to Iraq , said U.N. economic sanctions have hurt millions of civilians there .
IRAQ-POVERTY ( Washington ) < LU_ANNOTATE > Rep. Tony Hall , D-Ohio , urges the United Nations to allow a freer flow of food and medicine into Iraq .
Iraq Lodges Protest with United Nations Concerning British and American Raids
EN : Iraq protested strongly to the United Nations against American and British air raids which targeted civilian installations in southern Iraq , killing two people and injuring $ NUM_ ( 23 ) others according to a report by the official Iraqi news agency today , Tuesday .
EN : Aziz said : " The continuous falsehoods spread by Kuwait 's rulers are aimed at manufacturing an artificial crisis to give the Americans and British a pretext to continue their attacks on Iraq and keep the sanctions against its people in place .
EN : Al-Sahaf added : " These two regimes are directly involved in the attack against Iraq through their support of air raids by American and British planes and by allowing these planes to fly from air bases in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait .
With thousands of trees and flowers in bloom , we are having a beautiful Spring !
Pat LaCrosse asked me to send this information inviting you to join the Georgia O'Keeffe Circle of the Indianapolis Museum of Art 's Second Century Society ( SCS ) .
In joining SCS , you join the ranks of those who believe that bringing art and art education to the city makes life better , richer , and more rewarding for the entire community .
Should you have questions or if I can be of assistance in any way , please call me : 317.923.1331 , ext . 248 .
Sincerely , ARLETTA B.NEWTON Donor Relations Coordinator
These are particularly exciting times at the Indianapolis Museum of Art : Progress continues on the J.K. Lilly estate-Oldfields , our Ravine Garden has been restored to its original splendor , and there is national attention showered on our current exhibition of Japanese Painting .
Dear Name :
Our extraordinary permanent collection , facility , and grounds , we understand full well , would not be possible without the philanthropic support of civic-minded men and women .
seg > < /p > < LU_ANNOTATE > < p > < seg id=4 > Sheikh Mohamed , who is also the Defense Minister of the United Arab Emirates , announced at the inauguration ceremony that " we want to make Dubai a new trading center .
seg > < /p > < p > < seg id=5 > The minister , who has his own website , also said : " I want Dubai to be the best place in the world for state-of-the-art technology companies .
seg > < /p > < p > < seg id=5 > The minister who has a personal website on the internet , further said that he wanted Dubai to become the best place in the world for the advanced ( hitech ) technological companies .
seg > < /p > < LU_ANNOTATE > < p > < seg id=4 > Sheikh Mohammed , who is also the UAE Defence Minister , said during the launching ceremony " we wish to make Dubai a center of modern economy " .
The ditch should be 30 centimeters deep and 20 centimeters wide .
5 . No other outside gates should be erected .
If it is necessary to have an outside entrance for the control tower , then access to the location should not be constructed .
5 . Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building .
7 . It is preferable the fence be square or rectangular in shape .
However , they should not be identifiable from the outside part of the fence .
2 . The thickness of the fence should be 60 cm and the distance between it and the building should be 2 meters .
3 . Secret gates should be built 50 meters apart to be used for emergency only .
It is preferable that the barbed wires slant outwards at a 70 degrees angle .
6 . If the location is in a highly dangerous zone , then two parallel fences should be built to be 3 meters apart .
*Fences
AFGP-2002-600002
1 . The fence which is built out of bricks or concrete should be 4 meters high , then topped with one meter high barbed wire fence .
4 . It is preferable that any location has only 2 emergency gates and far away from one another .
4 . Road bumps : Six successive bumps should be constructed at 500 meters from the location .
3 . Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .
( T.C : Koranic verse ) 1-The married have a vacation by rotation for a week every three weeks , and in certain cases AL-QAEDA may deny this vacation for four months .
4- Maintaining physical fitness and military exercises as much as possible .
5-The brother who wants to leave AL-QAEDA without a legitimate excuse does not qualify for financial assistance or any of the previously mentioned privileges .
ALQAEDA may deny his request for vacation in certain cases .
T.C : Koranic verse ) You may not be able to do this , if your work demands extreme secrecy , like Naeem IBn Mas'uud ( May God bless him ) .
The request would only be considered if it had been submitted in a timely manner as indicated , except in special cases .
Albukhairi ) 8-Sincerity in providing advice to commanders and to your brethren in AL-QAEDA , without harboring deception .
7-Safeguard AL-QAEDA 's general funds and do not mishandle these funds .
T.C : Koranic verse ) To observe good conduct and filial piety even if they were infidels .
5-Do not talk about work assigned by AL-QAEDA with others , even if they are AL-QAEDA members .
3-Request for vacation travel should be submitted two and a half months before the travel date .
This is fulfilled through humbleness and flexibility towards the brothers and the rest of the Muslims , good manners , rejection of disputes , and mutual agreement and settlement of differences .
DOCUMENT # AFGP-2002-600045 TRANSLATION : FULL DATE : 3/20/2002 This is an employment contract between AL QAEDA and a potential recruit .
1- Preserving the unity of AL QAEDA is an important and legitimate goal , which occurs by fearing God in private as well as in public .
- 1 It is important and religiously rightful to keep Al Qaeda united .
Mighty Allah said , " Warn your close relatives .
Maintaining good moral characteristics and obedience to the parents even if they are infidels .
Eat and drink without waste , Allah does not like wastrels .
Extra vacation time requests will not be granted except in special circumstances .
That will come by fearing God in private and in public .
[ Prophet Mohammd ] said , peace upon him , " Love and compassion and sympathy between believers is like the human body : if one part of the body is sick , all the other parts of the body will come to its aid .
- 8 Give good advice to your superiors and Al Qaeda brothers , and do n't deceive them .
Mighty Allah said , " O believers , if a sinner comes to you with news , verify it first , lest you attack someone ignorantly and later regret it .
Take refuge in Allah from the accursed Satan .
Take refuge in Allah from the accursed Satan .
" They alone are true believers who believe in Allah and his Messenger , and when they are with him on a matter of common concern , do not depart without obtaining his leave .
- 5 Do not talk about work which is delegated to you to anybody , even with Al Qaeda members .
The mighty Allah said , " Who fears Allah , Allah will remove his bad deeds and UNCLASSIFIED UNCLASSIFIED reward him with good deeds .
- 5 The brother who wishes to leave Al Qaeda without legal excuse does not have the right to demand any financial assistance or special favors when he departs .
Prophet Mohammad said , " Allah is good , and He only accepts the good .
- 4 Maintaining as good physical fitness and military training as possible .
If you have been delegated to a mission with other people , talking among the group must be supervised by the command .
The Messenger of Allah said , peace upon him , " The people who waste Allah 's money , their reward will be the fire on Judgment Day .
However , he allowed the Gulf regimes to depend on the infidels in attacking Saddam Hussein .
I 'm not going to illustrate these evidences and statements ; God is my witness , I do n't want to deceive anyone .
So , try to appreciate the Muslims ' position , especially if these suspicions are credible .
LU_ANNOTATE > Sheik Rida , fear God .
This behavior and not the edict itself forced them to be deceptive .
He issued ] more edicts to accommodate the policies of the Saudi regime .
Sheik Maqdasi did not criticize Sheik Bin Baz 's only for his edict which emphasizes not to consider a regime an apostate if it has n't adhered to Islamic laws .
First , he forbade seeking the aid of infidels when the Syrian Mujahiddin asked Saddam Hussein to overthrow the regime of Hafiz Al-Assad in Syria .
Indeed , the Sheik issued two edicts regarding the same issue that contradict each other ...
AFGP-2002-602187 ( full translation )
I am sure that you are aware of all these suspicions that surround the regime 's [ Religious ] scholars .
You are not fair when you belittle Sheik Bin Baz 's blunder and exaggerate the one by Sheik Maqdasi ...
But Chatterbox does n't know any other easily understandable phrase that describes this particular kind of offense .
taunting the rest of the press for not following it on the story -- and still did n't mention the pardon -- it scores an extra two points .
The Journal editorial page continues not to acknowledge that Norma Kelsey , the friend and employee to Juanita Broaddrick who is one of two people partially corroborating Broaddrick 's rape accusation , is the daughter of a man whose murderer was pardoned by Gov . Bill Clinton .
Chatterbox considered but rejected the idea of awarding Rabinowitz bonus points for having " eventually convinced " Broaddrick to grant an interview to the New York Times ( as the Times reports in today 's story ) .
A responsible account of the whole controversy in today 's New York Times reports that Kelsey says the pardon had nothing to do with her corroboration .
Which is what Journal news employees are instructed to say whenever the editorial page causes them cringing embarrassment .
They will then score one point for every subsequent issue or broadcast or Internet posting after the first offense is noted by Chatterbox if they continue not to report said inconvenient fact -- and an additional two points on days when the news organization runs a follow-up without making note of said inconvenient fact .
Here 's how it works : Publications that refuse to acknowledge ( even if to refute the importance of ) highly significant but inconvenient facts in their news or opinion coverage of controversial events will score one point for the initial offense .
And besides , Rabinowitz 's efforts on the Times ' behalf were n't really unethical , just puzzling , given the two newspapers ' intense rivalry .
Publications that get all the way up to 20 will be faxed a likeness of Joseph Stalin .
Chatterbox feels certain that the Journal editorial page will provide some follow-up tomorrow to tonight 's NBC broadcast of its own Broaddrick interview , which means that if the Journal editorial page continues to take no action it will be in the Indis Hall of Fame by Monday at the latest !
For the purposes of this survey , the Wall Street Journal will be counted as a separate and distinct publication from the Journal 's editorial page , because , in essence , it is .
Chatterbox would prefer not to invoke the phrase " intellectual dishonesty , " because it 's pompous and falsely suggests that only intellectuals can be intellectually dishonest .
The Journal editorial page gets one point for failing to note the pardon in its initial Op-Ed by Dorothy Rabinowitz on Feb .
When Chatterbox asked the Journal 's DC bureau chief , Alan Murray , who exercised good judgment in not breaking the Broaddrick story ( and -- full disclosure -- is Chatterbox 's former boss ) , to comment about a Journal employee 's feeding sources to the Times , he replied : " I do n't really have any comment on what the edit page did .
I asked her why she had decided to talk to the New York Post 's Steve Dunleavy , and refused a Times reporter .
Because it has published three times since the initial omission , it scores an additional three points .
Publications receiving a score of 10 will be inducted into the Indis Hall of Fame .
Even More " Proving Rape "
She asked if I thought it would be all right to talk to the Times reporter .
Chatterbox feels that the Wall Street Journal editorial page's coverage of Juanita Broaddrick 's rape charges against Bill Clinton ( see " Proving Rape , " " More Proving Rape , " as well as Michael Kinsley's " Readme " column in the current issue ) cries out for the introduction of the Scientific Method into the usually mushy business of assessing press responsibility .
And because it published an editorial Feb .
For her part , Rabinowitz explains to Chatterbox that her efforts on behalf of the Times were more indifferent than the Times made them sound .
But she did say in the interview , which was conducted before the recent frenzy of speculation about Hillary Rodham Clinton 's interest in the same New York Senate seat , that Mrs. Clinton is a 'very interesting ' person .
However , Chatterbox notes that NBC , like every other responsible news organization that 's covered this story , reported that Norma Kelsey 's father 's killer was pardoned by Gov . Bill Clinton , and remains perplexed that the Journal editorial page wo n't .
The last thing he needs is to draw more attention to these qualities in his personal life .
Chatterbox feels a little dense for not realizing sooner that the subtext ( and hence much of the appeal ) of a Hillary Clinton-Rudy Giuliani Senate race would be Wronged Wife vs. Neglectful Husband .
I think she 's dynamic , and I think she 's very smart , and she 's an amazing speaker , ' Ms. Hanover said .
But , er , would n't that be kind of a risky strategy , given his own problematic union ?
By running against Giuliani ( who has been reported in Vanity Fair to have a mistress -- he denies it -- and , by all accounts , has a sham marriage ) , the first lady could exact symbolic revenge on her philandering husband while advancing the fortunes of the Democratic party at the same time !
Giuliani makes Ken Starr look like a patsy , " cried Time this week .
Many have already opined that the mayor is too vituperative , too much of a loner to practice the congenial , teamwork-oriented politics of the Senate ; other doubters have pointed to his hardhearted , uncaring social policies .
Will the strongman of the era be AOL , AT & T , Microsoft , or one of the big media companies ?
Out in the D.C. area , they looked positively exciting next to all the government-oriented contractors .
In any case , there certainly is no lack of information available about the moguls of technology now as they all become our current pop icons .
That incredible empire dominated the world and I imagine it did not seem possible to people living then that anyone could loosen that empire 's grip on humanity .
That 's ironic , since I think it was just that insularity that helped them , much in the same way that AOL has benefited from being in the Virginia suburbs rather than in Silicon Valley .
I often wonder when a really great fictional book will be written about this era ( probably decades and decades hence as it is too close ) .
I know what you mean about being a journalist .
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
As for me , I 'll stick with my philosophy of reporting and , I guess , life -- nobody knows .
Or will it be none of them because the Internet allows and encourages a plethora of strong companies and a complex interconnection of businesses where none are allowed to dominate ?
I often feel as if I only get half the story sometimes , so I typically do a massive amount of reporting that is most often much more than I will ever need .
Steve Ballmer , of course , is now getting a lot more attention at Microsoft , but it still seems to be Bill 's show over there .
But we all know how that story turned out .
While I did not attend the trial -- I was lucky to be able to read your highly amusing and informative dispatches , several of which made me spit up my lunch laughing -- it certainly seemed as if the image of Bill Gates took a beating and the insular culture of Microsoft did not look so good .
I think that is why I welcomed doing a book -- it gives one the ability to use so much of what is left on the cutting room floor of daily journalism .
Think of all the good stuff we all collect daily in our reporting that we never add to stories .
I always use two simple words when people tell me that one company -- whether it is AOL or Microsoft or Disney -- is in charge of all our destinies : Babylon was .
Now I am getting way too philosophical , but this is my final missive , so why not ?
So the shift in the image of Gates has been an interesting one for me to watch .
The smart-boy technologist is now being painted as the whiny bully .
I personally always thought it was a risk to pin the image of Microsoft on just one man -- at AOL , for example , there was a conscious effort to develop other " characters , " for lack of a better word .
From where I am sitting , I think the Microsoft trial has been the really obvious turning point between the computer era and the digital age .
The Entrepreneur Is the New Madonna
I think it almost does not matter what the judge does since it 's clear that the balance of power is shifting again , although it not clear where it will land .
I would posit that Bill and Michael and Steve and Jerry have become the Madonnas of the current age of stock market mania and celebration of the entrepreneur .
So there , while you think of Case , you also think of Pittman and Leonsis and increasingly a range of other executives .
Perhaps you could hasten a prediction of where this is all going .
Almost every assignment is a challenge in a different way and it never seems to get easier .
I wonder if that means geography is destiny , and it 's still location , location , location .
AOL would never have existed if it had been founded here , I am sure , since its employees would have been mocked into obscurity by the digerati .
The Wall Street Journal " Outlook " observes , " In the U.S. job market , the balance of power is shifting to employees from employers , " and states that " the retention frenzy was triggered in part by previous waves of corporate downsizing , " which left behind survivors who took stock of career options and used Internet job listings and intensified recruiting to land better offers , which in turn led to counter-offers and higher salaries .
How odd -- and a good illustration of how trying to shoe-horn in a " witty " headline can drive you into an idea that does n't fit or is undeserved .
Give the NYT credit for getting Mother Teresa back on the front page and a bonus point for including some criticism of her in the story .
Several papers have word that H and R Block has finally wriggled out of its controlling stake of Compuserve , but it 's the Post with the news that AOL is set to take it over .
But USA Today stays with Princess Di .
The NYT states that when Albright shows up on Tuesday , she will " read the riot act " to Yassir Arafat about cracking down on terrorism .
This has led , says the Journal , to annual compensation rising 5-6 percent a year .
Not everyone in Calcutta , or India for that matter , is unanimous in praising the nun , whose organization was able to raise millions of dollars worldwide but made virtually no significant changes in the social structure of this collapsing city 's poor neighborhoods .
Salvation -- hers and that of the destitute she rescued from the gutters -- was her aim , not economic or social development as many others understand it , she said .
The LAT , for instance , examines what it takes to be a new " cuddly-feely " Britain born of the national grief experience .
Given that Ms. Williams' parents are rather protective of her and that she is a black in a still pretty-lilly-white sport , do n't be surprised if there 's a bit of a complaint about this .
But USAT and the WP also each run pretty newsy Diana pieces as well .
Does n't that sound like celebrating a defeat rather than celebrating a victory ?
Much of the continuing Diana coverage is spinning off into the realm of meta- and meta-meta-pieces .
The Times emphasizes the larger geopolitical context .
What 's with the top-of-the-front headline the LAT puts over its picture of Martina Hingis standing next to Venus Williams after beating her at the U.S. Open -- " Venus Brought Back to Earth " ?
Hmmm , wan na bet there was a copy of the book on somebody 's desk at the Times though ?
Both reveal that Tony Blair had conferred with Diana about a goodwill ambassador job shortly before her death , and USAT reports that Le Figaro says a dying Diana gave two crash witnesses a message for her family and children .
Given that the troubles on the West Bank have not only frosted relations between Arafat and Israel , but also those between Israel and Egypt and between Israel and Saudi Arabia , the paper states that the U.S. is now facing the prospect that the moderate Arab coalition it built after the Persian Gulf war to contain Iraq and Iran is falling apart .
It 's odd , however , that in repeating this charge , the Times did n't interview the man most closely associated with it , Christopher Hitchens , or refer to the book where he set it out , The Missionary Position .
The LAT focuses on new dissension within the Israeli government about whether or not Israel should continue to maintain forces in southern Lebanon , dissension fueled when an Israeli commando raid there late last week was ambushed , with twelve deaths the result .
Perhaps the most striking indicator of a change of mood inside the government reported by the paper is the news that cabinet member Ariel Sharon , who as Defense Minister in 1982 got Israel entrenched in Lebanon in the first place , is among those urging a reconsideration of the deployment .
In light of Secretary of State Albright 's imminent trip to the middle east , the New York Times , Los Angeles Times and Washington Post emphasize the deteriorating situation there .
Her goal will be to get Arafat to come out decisively and publicly for peace with Israel , telling him that there can be no more attempts at co-opting Hamas , and " no more kisses " of its leaders .
And they 're in the habit of passing expenses along to Joe Remote .
The piece concluded that she 's finally graduated to an image that's " sophisticated yet soft .
Her clothing is inspired by the boardroom instead of the secretarial pool .
The NYT abortion survey , the first conducted by the paper since 1989 , was based on telephone interviews of 1,101 people and detects " a notable shift from general acceptance " of having the procedure : from 40 percent to 32 percent .
The WSJ reports that , according to an MIT survey , Americans are twice as likely to back a tax increase going toward the search for extraterrestrials than one for gene-cloning research .
Which raises the question : Hasn't technology progressed to a point that would allow cafeteria-style programming choices by subscribers ?
Even nonsports fans will be affected , notes the Journal , because ESPN is usually part of basic cable service .
The New York Times leads with a comprehensive poll about American attitudes concerning abortion .
Today 's WP " Style " section ( that 's the opposite of substance , remember ) picks up that ball and runs with it , with a lengthy discourse on the new PJ .
It is , " hyperventilates the Post , one of the most jaw-dropping public make-overs ever .
The placement of these two pieces is a PR triumph , but one carrying the seeds of its own destruction : If people know all this work is going into making Paula Jones seem a certain someone , does n't that just make it obvious that she 's really somebody else ?
And the pollsters also detected an increasingly acute sensitivity to abortion timing : Sixty-one percent of those polled thought abortions should be permitted during the first trimester , but only 15 percent in the second and just 7 percent in the third .
Jones apparently has " smoothed the frizzy mane of curls that once reached to such dazzling heights .
She has embraced the markers of dignity , refinement and power .
Her makeup is now subtle and based on natural , not neon , hues .
Some local cable companies , the paper says , expect the fees they 'll pay ESPN to go up more than 20 percent .
The finding , if it holds up , says the Times , may lead to a simple way for airline travelers to fight jet lag .
The WSJ notes that the just-concluded football/TV deal will probably mean even steeper cable bills in the near future .
The piece notes that this last stat helps explain why a focus on partial-birth abortions has proven politically advantageous for abortion foes .
A scan of the headlines found cheek-by-jowl on the WP 's Page A6 provides an interesting snapshot of the life of the modern Cabinet officer : " [ Ex-HUD Secretary ] Cisneros 's Ex-Mistress Pleads Guilty , " " [ Labor Secretary ] Herman Denies Allegations of Influence-Selling Scheme , " and " Two Tyson Foods Executive Indicted Over Gifts to [ Ex-Agriculture Secretary ] Espy .
In true newspaper overkill fashion , the piece backs this up by consulting Cynde Watson , national makeup artist for Bobbi Brown Essentials , and Steven Zdatny , a historian at West Virginia University specializing in the aesthetics and politics of hair .
Now the dissembler and enabler has become the scholar and ABC News analyst .
Nobody will believe you and people will think you 're scum .
When Democrats wonder why there is so much resentment of Clinton , they do n't need to look much further than the Big Lie about philandering that Stephanopoulos , Carville ( and a cooperative campaign press corps ) helped to put over in 1992 .
Clinton has no character problem , " Stephanopoulos declares .
Near the end of The War Room , Stephanopoulos gets a call from someone who apparently claims to have a list of Clinton paramours , which he is about to publicize .
Stephanopoulos wants to run for the Senate and does n't want to seem a Clinton stooge .
Stephanopoulos
Political figures turn on each other from time to time , for good and bad reasons ; we 're used to it .
Stephanopoulos is cashing in without even going through the minimal motions of holding himself accountable for misleading the country .
He said he had problems in his marriage , " says Stephanopoulos , correcting Donaldson 's deviation from the pre-scripted fudge-phrase of the day .
But usually at least a nanosecond of contrition is required .
Again , he 's not a fool .
During the 1992 campaign , when Gennifer Flowers first brought Clinton 's philandering to public attention , Stephanopoulos -- as Clinton 's chief spinner , distracter , and all-around bullshit artist -- played a crucial role in discrediting Flowers and anyone else who tried to point out the truth , namely that Clinton had a disturbing zipper problem .
Is Chatterbox alone in thinking there is something strange and even disgusting about Stephanopoulos ' eager show of independence from the president ?
Early in the film , with the Flowers crisis in full bloom , Sam Donaldson interviews Stephanopoulos , who blames it all on the " Republican attack machine .
There was former Clinton aide George Stephanopoulos on ABC 's This Week this morning , furrow-browed and " heartbroken with all the evidence coming out " against the president .
The problem is n't so much his disloyalty .
There 's no question that , if they 're true , they ...
Stephanopoulos skillfully bullies and cajoles him into keeping quiet .
Stephanopoulos Analyzes His Own Crime
By lending credence to the Lewinsky charges , and treating Clinton 's familiar defenses as the lies and half-lies they seem to be , Stephanopoulos shows he's not a fool .
he tells the caller .
Do n't say Stephanopoulos didn't know .
You might say that Stephanopoulos helped invent the philander-protection techniques that seem to have made Clinton so overconfident of his ability to not get caught .
It 's as if Roy Cohn went on television in the mid-'50s to soberly rue the damage wreaked by Sen. Joe McCarthy , without any apology for his own role .
Today , of course , the president 's defenders claim that Clinton admitted infidelity on 60 Minutes and that the fully informed voters simply did n't care .
Much has been made of the way famous wrongdoers ( e.g .
He was one of Clinton 's principal enablers , to use a word employed by Maureen Dowd in today 's New York Times .
The trouble is that Stephanopoulos himself helped propagate those lies in the first place .
If Clinton , as is now increasingly clear , was a time bomb waiting to explode , then Stephanopoulos helped smuggle him into the White House and muffled the ticking .
Simply put , Stephanopoulos did as much as any man to get the country into the mess he now so telegenically laments .
Last week , when the Lewinsky story was only a few hours old , Stephanopoulos popped up on Good Morning America to demonstrate his concern .
The emergence of ethics in the evolution of life on this planet is a fascinating issue .
Semantics enters with purpose .
Smart place , a biosphere , lots to talk about .
If yuck , it is not so likely this lineage will prosper .
It seems fully legitimate to assign the concepts of sign , signified , and significans to the genetic code .
The know-how is the propagating organization .
John Rawls of Harvard has argued eloquently that our human notions of fairness derive from what we would all " contractually " agree to , were we to know before birth that we would all be born with diering abilities and endowments .
Perhaps higher primates who are trained to manipulate simple symbols with apparent reference to the world also can " know that " with respect to propositions .
While fully aware of Hume ' s injunction , I think that from the autonomous agent ' s perspective , yuck or yum is primary , unavoidable , and of the deepest importance to that agent .
If yum , then there will probably be more of this type of agent , osprings of the first .
I hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work , then do extract work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .
I think the major conceptual step to yuck or yum is unavoidable once there is an autonomous agent .
In such networks , for which there is modestly good evidence , a given first antibody serves as an antigen that stimulates the body to produce a second antibody that binds to the unique amino acid sequences , called the " idiotype " of the first antibody .
I very much like Dennett ' s ladder of know-how , and eventual know that .
We have lacked a physical definition of an autonomous agent , able to manipulate the universe on its own behalf the egret whose foreboding of winter leads to lifted wing and steady , powerful flight .
We humans are just more gregarious with our vocal cords and e-mail , I guess .
If the concept of autonomous agents were something like a useful or more , a proper definition of life itself , then autonomous agents span the gap from the merely physical to that new realm of the merely physical where " purpose " is ascribed by all of us to one another .
Yet , I persistently hope , it is better to light one candle against .
I can not buy Shannon ' s view unless the decoder is an autonomous agent .
But autonomous agents , we who do daily manipulate the world on our own behalf , we to whom " intentionality " and " purpose " are so inevitably attributed by our common languages , we are , by my definition of autonomous agents , also nothing but physical systems with a peculiar organization of processes and properties .
Granted that we here seem to confront the language game circularity alluded to earlier , yet I do truly think that the rudiments of semantics , intentionality , value , and ethics arise with autonomous agents .
Slapstick comedy may have started a long time ago .
I suppose I am naively driven to consider that the biosphere , with its urgent diversity in which , emboldened by all our know-how , we do get on with a very rich conversation , may very early already have harbored all the levels of which Dennett speaks .
Daniel Yamins is a brilliant young mathematician .
There is no autonomous agent , no one , who knows how the whole system works , any more than anyone at present knows how the global economic system works in its myriad interactions , deals , steals , hopes , and frustrations .
I find his hierarchy congenial and informative .
I certainly want to say yes , without attributing consciousness in any way .
Thank God for know-how .
The know-how is , in these terms , nothing but another view of the propagating closures of catalysis , work tasks , sensing , recording , and acting that we now recognize as inherent in the doings of autonomous agents .
As J. Monod properly emphasized three decades ago in a slightly dierent context concerning activation and inhibition of enzymes at allosteric sites on the enzyme that are distant from the catalytic site , the relation of chemical structures that achieve control of catalysis are utterly arbitrary with respect to the chemical structures that undergo the catalysis .
But I sense that the distinction between doings and happenings , Dan ' s happy phrasing , is relevant for E. coli , tigers , us , trees , and autonomous agents in general .
For this to be true , it is not necessary that the carriers of purpose , say , the same bacterium heading upstream in the glucose gradient , be conscious .
And I think we have roughly the Darwinian criteria in mind .
The know-how is not outside that propagating organization .
It seems legitimate to extend that notion to much of the subtle signaling , chemical and otherwise , within and between autonomous agents , as exemplified by plants that upon infestation by a particular insect secrete a secondary metabolite chemical that " warns " other members of the same species that an insect infestation is happening and to turn on defensive anti-insect secondary metabolites .
I love that image .
We can not deduce ought from is in any concrete context , but I think we have the categories of ought and is in the physical universe once we have autonomous agents .
This allows us lucky Popperian creatures to allow our " hypotheses to die in our stead .
I do not think those rudiments suce to jump over Hume ' s naturalistic fallacy .
Without attributing consciousness to an E. coli , or an autonomous agent we may create in the near future , I can not help but feel that the rudiments of value are present once autonomous agents are around .
The egret is as much a part of physical reality as the atom , and perhaps more than the vaunted quark .
Dennett makes the wonderful argument that we utilize our tools literally stone knives , arrows , digging sticks , machine tools to enlarge our shared world of facts and processes .
I do not disagree , although I have placed far greater emphasis on the roles of self-organization in evolution .
Daniel Dennett , in his fine book Darwin ' s Dangerous Idea , advances a hierarchy of forms of " knowing , " if I may use that term , that have arisen in evolution by Darwinian means .
I believe it is clear that mere chemistry in an autonomous agent can harbor symbols and signs in the full senses of the words .
Yet when the first hard frost comes , when the birches have been swung , their crimson leaves scattered carelessly , when crystals splint shallow ponds and old egrets stand dark watch the coming dawn , long-legged , knowing how winter is thin , when the first phase transition of water to ice forms slight solidity across meadow streams , small creatures of flesh and concept tiptoe gingerly to some far side where , perhaps , something new is to be found .
It knows how all right , even if it can not talk about how it gets on with its business .
We are on shaky ground .
I do not think we were successful in drawing a clean distinction between doings and happenings with clear mathematics .
But any autonomous agent proliferating alone or in a congery of other agents , it would seem , is also graced by the selfsame know-how .
Each is tentative and incomplete , pointing but not fully adequate .
Arguing that the case for links between Iraq and al Qaeda was weak , the memo pointed out that Bin Ladin resented the secularism of Saddam Hussein 's regime .
Second , we found no evidence of political intervention .
Though he emphasized the worldwide nature of the conflict , the references to specific enemies or regions named only the Taliban , al Qaeda , and Afghanistan .
The existing Infinite Resolve options did not , in his view , amount to such a plan .
Clarke added , " I have no recollection of clearing it with anybody at the White House .
After emphasizing that the first priority was to help the injured and protect against any further attacks , he said : " We will make no distinction between the terrorists who committed these acts and those who harbor them .
He wondered aloud how much evidence the United States would need in order to deal with these countries , pointing out that major strikes could take up to 60 days to assemble .
While he believed the details of Clarke 's account to be incorrect , President Bush acknowledged that he might well have spoken to Clarke at some point , asking him about Iraq .
When Blair asked about Iraq , the President replied that Iraq was not the immediate problem .
It argued that of the three , al Qaeda and Iraq posed a strategic threat to the United States .
As a former pilot , the President was struck by the apparent sophistication of the operation and some of the piloting , especially Hanjour 's high-speed dive into the Pentagon .
In this restricted National Security Council meeting , the President said it was a time for self-defense .
President Bush directed Secretary of State Powell to deliver an ultimatum to the Taliban along the lines that his department had originally proposed .
The U.S. military , Franks said , did not have an off-the-shelf plan to eliminate the al Qaeda threat in Afghanistan .
Secretary Rumsfeld urged the President and the principals to think broadly about who might have harbored the attackers , including Iraq , Afghanistan , Libya , Sudan , and Iran .
Rice told us the administration was concerned that Iraq would take advantage of the 9/11 attacks .
Powell said that Wolfowitz was not able to justify his belief that Iraq was behind 9/11 .
Musharraf said the GOP [ government of Pakistan ] was making substantial concessions in allowing use of its territory and that he would pay a domestic price .
Secretary Powell recalled that Wolfowitz-not Rumsfeld-argued that Iraq was ultimately the source of the terrorist problem and should therefore be attacked .
We found no evidence that anyone at the White House above the level of Richard Clarke participated in a decision on the departure of Saudi nationals .
They concluded that if Pakistan decided not to help the United States , it too would be at risk .
President Bush later praised this proposal , saying it had been a turning point in his thinking .
President Bush instructed Rumsfeld and Shelton to develop further the Camp David military plan to attack the Taliban and al Qaeda if the Taliban rejected the ultimatum .
Franks told us that he was pushing independently to do more robust planning on military responses in Iraq during the summer before 9/11-a request President Bush denied , arguing that the time was not right .
The Saudi government was advised of and agreed to the FBI 's requirements that passengers be identified and checked against various databases before the flights departed .
General Tommy Franks , the commanding general of Central Command , recalled receiving Rumsfeld 's guidance that each regional commander should assess what these plans meant for his area of responsibility .
Rice 's chief staffer on Afghanistan , Zalmay Khalilzad , concurred in its conclusion that only some anecdotal evidence linked Iraq to al Qaeda .
But the administration knew that the Taliban was unlikely to turn over Bin Ladin .
Third , we believe that the FBI conducted a satisfactory screening of Saudi nationals who left the United States on charter flights .
On September 13 , President Bush promised to provide $ 20 billion for New York City , in addition to the $ 20 billion his budget director had already guessed might be needed for the country as a whole .
Writing to Rumsfeld on September 17 in a memo headlined " Preventing More Events , " he argued that if there was even a 10 percent chance that Saddam Hussein was behind the 9/11 attack , maximum priority should be placed on eliminating that threat .
As of July 2004 , Bin Ladin and Zawahiri are still believed to be at large .
Although White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card remembered someone telling him about the Saudi request shortly after 9/11 , he said he had not talked to the Saudis and did not ask anyone to do anything about it .
The President blamed al Qaeda for 9/11 and the 1998 embassy bombings and , for the first time , declared that al Qaeda was " responsible for bombing the USS Cole .
The agenda in those first days is worth noting , partly as a checklist for future crisis planners .
The CENTCOM commander told us he renewed his appeal for further military planning to respond to Iraqi moves shortly after 9/11 , both because he personally felt that Iraq and al Qaeda might be engaged in some form of collusion and because he worried that Saddam might take advantage of the attacks to move against his internal enemies in the northern or southern parts of Iraq , where the United States was flying regular missions to enforce Iraqi no-fly zones .
At the September 13 NSC meeting , when Secretary Powell described Pakistan 's reply , President Bush led a discussion of an appropriate ultimatum to the Taliban .
It therefore detailed specific U.S. demands for the Taliban : surrender Bin Ladin and his chief lieutenants , including Ayman al Zawahiri ; tell the United States what the Taliban knew about al Qaeda and its operations ; close all terrorist camps ; free all imprisoned foreigners ; and comply with all UN Security Council resolutions .
She recalled that in the first Camp David session chaired by the President , Rumsfeld asked what the administration should do about Iraq .
WARTIME After the attacks had occurred , while crisis managers were still sorting out a number of unnerving false alarms , Air Force One flew to Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana .
Some members of his administration , he commented , had expressed a different view , but he was the one responsible for making the decisions .
The President noted that the attacks provided a great opportunity to engage Russia and China .
Originally titled " Infinite Justice , " the operation 's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of Muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with God alone-to the operational name still used for operations in Afghanistan : " Enduring Freedom .
The secretary said his instinct was to hit Saddam Hussein at the same time-not only Bin Ladin .
While the plan at the elementary school had been to return to Washington , by the time Air Force One was airborne at 9:55 A.M. the Secret Service , the President's advisers , and Vice President Cheney were strongly advising against it .
We ask every nation to join us .
The President wanted the United States to strike the Taliban , step back , wait to see if they got the message , and hit them hard if they did not .
Tommy Franks , the commanding general of Central Command ( CENTCOM ) , told us that the President was dissatisfied .
Paul was always of the view that Iraq was a problem that had to be dealt with , " Powell told us .
Pakistan will need full US support as it proceeds with us , " the embassy noted .
to stop al Qaeda operatives at its border and end all logistical support for Bin Ladin ; to give the United States blanket overflight and landing rights for all necessary military and intelligence operations ; to provide territorial access to U.S. and allied military intelligence and other personnel to conduct operations against al Qaeda ; to provide the United States with intelligence information ; to continue to publicly condemn the terrorist acts ; to cut off all shipments of fuel to the Taliban and stop recruits from going to Afghanistan ; and , if the evidence implicated bin Ladin and al Qaeda and the Taliban continued to harbor them , to break relations with the Taliban government .
Powell said that President Bush did not give Wolfowitz 's argument " much weight .
The principals agreed that the overall message should be that anyone supporting al Qaeda would risk harm .
PLANNING FOR WAR By late in the evening of September 11 , the President had addressed the nation on the terrible events of the day .
In the first meeting , he stressed that the United States was at war with a new and different kind of enemy .
See if Saddam did this , " Clarke recalls the President telling them .
First , we found no evidence that any flights of Saudi nationals , domestic or international , took place before the reopening of national airspace on the morning of September 13 , 2001 .
He knew he would soon be striking the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan .
He thought the U.S. response should consider a wide range of options and possibilities .
Wolfowitz contended that the odds were " far more " than 1 in 10 , citing Saddam 's praise for the attack , his long record of involvement in terrorism , and theories that Ramzi Yousef was an Iraqi agent and Iraq was behind the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center .
The inspector general of the Justice Department found significant problems in the way the 9/11 detainees were treated .
By September 14 , Vice President Cheney had decided to recommend , at least as a first step , a new White House entity to coordinate all the relevant agencies rather than tackle the challenge of combining them in a new department .
President Bush reluctantly acceded to this advice and , at about 10:10 , Air Force One changed course and began heading due west .
The President and Vice President told us they were not aware of the issue at all until it surfaced much later in the media .
The next destination was discussed : once again the Secret Service recommended against returning to Washington , and the Vice President agreed .
After extraordinary emergency efforts involving the White House , the Treasury Department , and the Securities and Exchange Commission , aided by unprecedented cooperation among the usually competitive firms of the financial industry , the markets reopened on Monday , September 17 .
Within the Pentagon , Deputy Secretary Wolfowitz continued to press the case for dealing with Iraq .
to handle that , to check to see if that was all right with them , to see if they wanted access to any of these people , and to get back to me .
He told us he recalled Iraqi support for Palestinian suicide terrorists as well .
Therefore , State and Defense would plan to build an international coalition to go into Afghanistan .
But , he told us , he now wondered how that action was connected to what might need to be done in Somalia , Yemen , or Iraq .
The United States would need to integrate diplomacy , financial measures , intelligence , and military actions into an overarching strategy .
Secretary Powell said the United States had to make it clear to Pakistan , Afghanistan , and the Arab states that the time to act was now .
Deputy Secretary Wolfowitz made the case for striking Iraq during " this round " of the war on terrorism .
But the early briefings to the President and Secretary Rumsfeld on military options were disappointing .
This occurred in the weeks following 9/11 , aided by overwhelming international sympathy for the United States .
In the late afternoon , the President overruled his aides ' continuing reluctance to have him return to Washington and ordered Air Force One back to Andrews Air Force Base .
The State Department proposed delivering an ultimatum to the Taliban : produce Bin Ladin and his deputies and shut down al Qaeda camps within 24 to 48 hours , or the United States will use all necessary means to destroy the terrorist infrastructure .
The next day , the U.S. embassy in Islamabad confirmed that Musharraf and his top military commanders had agreed to all seven demands .
Armitage said that the United States wanted Pakistan to take seven steps :
Given this background , he wondered why so little thought had been devoted to the danger of suicide pilots , seeing a " failure of imagination " and a mind-set that dismissed possibilities .
Vice President Cheney described the President 's mood as somber .
The Secret Service wanted a place where the President could spend several days , if necessary .
And he saw this as one way of using this event as a way to deal with the Iraq problem .
Also by September 18 , Powell had contacted 58 of his foreign counterparts and received offers of general aid , search-and-rescue equipment and personnel , and medical assistance teams .
The purpose of this meeting , " he recalled saying , " is to assign tasks for the first wave of the war against terrorism .
The Secret Service was also interested in refueling the aircraft and paring down the size of the traveling party .
Attorney General John Ashcroft told us that he saw his job in directing this effort as " risk minimization , " both to find out who had committed the attacks and to prevent a subsequent attack .
The notes indicate that he also told Myers that he was not simply interested in striking empty training sites .
Ashcroft told us he was determined to take every conceivable action , within the limits of the Constitution , to identify potential terrorists and deter additional attacks .
None of the officials we interviewed recalled any intervention or direction on this matter from any political appointee .
Though continuing to worry about Iraq in the following week , Powell said , President Bush saw Afghanistan as the priority .
The next day , Wolfowitz renewed the argument , writing to Rumsfeld about the interest of Yousef 's co-conspirator in the 1995 Manila air plot in crashing an explosives-laden plane into CIA headquarters , and about information from a foreign government regarding Iraqis ' involvement in the attempted hijacking of a Gulf Air flight .
And if they had no objections , it would be fine with me .
The issue came up in one of the many video teleconferences of the interagency group Clarke chaired , and Clarke said he approved of how the FBI was dealing with the matter when it came up for interagency discussion at his level .
He proposed inserting CIA teams into Afghanistan to work with Afghan warlords who would join the fight against al Qaeda .
President Bush recalled that he quickly realized that the administration would have to invade Afghanistan with ground troops .
Speculating about other possible states that could be involved , the President told us he also thought about Iran .
President Bush argued that the new war went beyond Bin Ladin .
The State Department did not expect the Taliban to comply .
He made clear that the military should focus on targets that would influence the Taliban 's behavior .
He said we would need to build a coalition .
Other regimes faced hard choices , he pointed out : " Every nation , in every region , now has a decision to make : Either you are with us , or you are with the terrorists .
That afternoon , Secretary of State Powell announced at the beginning of an NSC meeting that Pakistani President Musharraf had agreed to every U.S. request for support in the war on terrorism .
His standing in Pakistan was certain to suffer .
PHASE TWO " AND THE QUESTION OF IRAQ President Bush had wondered immediately after the attack whether Saddam Hussein's regime might have had a hand in it .
Iraq 's long-standing involvement in terrorism was cited , along with its interest in weapons of mass destruction .
Ed_Henry male native An easy but rare maneuver with extraordinary consequences / .
and this Republican led Senate intelligence committee refuses to even ask the hard questions about the misinformation /- Ed_Henry male native Republicans insist they 're completing the investigation / .
And today the American people are going to see a little bit of light / .
Bill_Frist male native This is purely political / .
LU_ANNOTATE > Paula_Zahn female native Questions about the facts or what were presented as facts that led the United States into the war in Iraq Paula_Zahn female native spilled into open warfare today on the Senate floor / .
that 's the slap in the face / .
That 's the real slap in the face / .
and this is a pure stunt / .
This is settling settling an old political score / .
Ed_Henry male native Republican leader Bill Frist was enraged / .
Bill_Frist male native Not with the previous Democratic leader or or the current Democratic leader have ever I been slapped in the face with such an affront to the leadership of this grand institution / .
Ed_Henry male native A Democratic sneak attack that sent shock waves through the Senate / .
over fifteen thousand have been seriously wounded / .
Harry_Reed male native We have lost over two thousand of our best and bravest / .
Democrats forced the Senate into a rare closed door session / .
Harry_Reed male native Mr. President enough time has gone by / .
We are spending more than six million dollars a month with no end in sight / .
speaker20 male native President I second the motion / .
I demand on behalf of the American people that we understand why these investigations are n't being conducted / .
Bill_Frist male native There has been at least consideration for the other side of the aisle before a stunt / .
Ed_Henry male native Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle / .
Ed_Henry male native Reed refused to back down demanding the Republican led intelligence committee finish a long awaited report on whether the Bush administration twisted intelligence / .
Republican leader Bill Frist said the Senate was hijacked / .
Ed_Henry male native What 's really going on is Democrats feel emboldened by the indictment of Vice President Cheney 's former chief of staff believing this is their chance to issue a broader indictment of the Bush administration / .
The Senate chamber was locked down , television cameras shut off , so law makers could go into secret session to debate / .
Ed_Henry male native Democratic leader Harry Reed accused Republicans of failing to probe allegations the White House manipulated intelligence to justify the war in Iraq / .
Harry_Reed male native This investigation has been stymied stopped , obstructions thrown up every step of the way / .
Harry_Reed male native And in accordance with rule twenty-one I now move that Senate go into closed session / .
he is not telling them to disband and regulate their weapons , so i have no faith in the ability of abu mazen to put terror aside .
conservative israelis are skeptical .
i think that hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight hamas , if that 's what they are requiring abu mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .
TURN > < TURN > the main test of mahmoud abbas , will be to establish an overall command of all armed groups , if not , it does n't have a chance .
its basic message , the palestinian authority is corrupt , it fails to deliver , hamas is not corrupt .
TURN > < TURN > translator : the armed intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the palestinians , and the israelis , and to establish the palestinian state .
TURN > < TURN > reporter : settlers call the just concluded israeli-american- palestinian summit a surrender , and were not impressed .
TURN > < /LU_ANNOTATE WC=506 > < TURN > if you want an end to terrorism , if you want an end to violence , you have to give people hope and you have to give them a stake in the political process .
at the very beginning , it was encouraged by israel because they thought it was a counter weight to palestinian nationalism which is , of course , a secular movement .
unfortunately , those same charitable organizations , those same charity committees that funnel the funds to needier palestinians , also serve to support terrorist attacks .
hamas cares about the person on the street and it does deliver .
LU_ANNOTATE > HOWDY ,
DID A LOT OF TRAVELING AND THEY ( OILSTATES ) MADE ME A SWEET OFFER TO COME BACK .
WHAT 'S BEEN GOING ON AMIGO .
SOUNDS LIKE THIS IS GOING TO BE A GREAT BACHELOR PARTY .
Message-ID : < 15770467.1075840346156.JavaMail.evans @ thyme > < LU_ANNOTATE > Date : Wed , 25 Jul 2001 16:45:08 -0700 ( PDT ) From : rpearson @ oilstates.com To : don.baughman @ enron.com < /LU_ANNOTATE > Subject : RE : Unclassified rules Mime-Version : 1.0 Content-Type : text/plain ; charset=us-ascii Content-Transfer-Encoding : 7bit X-From : " Robert Pearson " < rpearson @ oilstates.com > @ ENRON X-To : Baughman Jr .
I need to forecast the money today , so please let me know what you would like to do .
I hope Patti can help you soon .
Do you want me to pay Pasadena on Friday for these months or do you want me to hold off until I finish July and August ?
Thanks ,
Thanks you so much for working on these as fast as you have - there was a priority in getting them out .
If I can get all of the information today , I can tell you this afternoon .
If I go by what is currently in the system as a guide , Pasadena would owe Enron a little over $ 1 mil .
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her .
Thanks ,
Lets wait and try to offset the amount we owe them with what they owe us - so I say wait until you get July and August done .
However , as you know , the less cash outlay that we have right now the better .
header > < body > thats fine - we ca n't pay them anyway
The Persians were defeated , and Athens duly punished the islands that had turned against it .
Politically , the 1990s have been relatively quite times for the islands , although the divorce of Greek prime minister Andreas Papandreou and his subsequent marriage to a much younger woman caused consternation within conservative Greek society .
A new sense of identity enveloped Greek peoples throughout the Aegean , thus commencing a movement to expand Greece and unify the disparate Orthodox populations .
Although the islands saw little action , as the war went on they could see that Athens was slowly losing its power .
The major changes were not to daily tasks and routines , but to the political power base , which changed regularly and not necessarily peacefully throughout the ages .
In return , the Turks violently put down every insurrection , including the massacre on Chios , when 22,000 people were slaughtered .
The island communities were undecided about which side to back for a time .
The Venetians fortified their main towns -- Naxos Town and Antiparos Town are wonderful examples of this -- creating labyrinths of narrow alleys and cul-de-sacs that were designed to confuse and to demoralize invaders .
Homer wrote his epic works on Chios ; and lyrical poetry was much admired , particularly the work of the poets Archilochos on Paros and Sappho on Lesvos .
At around 3500 b.c . , a sophisticated culture evolved in the Cyclades islands .
But the country was politically fragmented , with arguments between monarchists and republicans , right and left , and tension escalated into civil war .
Greece attempted to stay out of World War II , but Mussolini saw Greece as an ideal addition to his Italian empire .
The high quality of the seam on Milos ensured that the area remained popular with early travelers .
He promised a modern state for his people , but as the situation became volatile , civil strife broke out in Turkish cities , and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence .
Constantinople was taken by Crusader forces in 1204 , and they stripped the city of manyof its finest treasures -- which now grace the public buildings of Venice -- although a large consignment of books and manuscripts was transferred to the monastery at Patmos before the city fell .
In 1923 , Turkey broke away from the tired Ottoman rulers , and Kemal Ataturk rose to power on a wave of popular support .
He was followed in 336 b.c . by his son Alexander the Great , one of the most remarkable leaders in history .
Although there were minor internal wrangles , the league controlled the Aegean and the greater Athenian Empire for most of the fifth century b.c .
The Genoese took control of the eastern Aegean Islands , which were considered the most valuable for agriculture and trade .
Unfortunately , their zeal was not matched by their discrimination .
Many Greek islanders chose to leave rather than live in poverty and terror , and many made new homes in the United States and Australia .
They then set their sights on the islands of the Knights of St. John and , after an unsuccessful siege in 1480 , they finally ejected the knights from the Dodecanese in 1522 .
Greece moved in to administer the land , but a new influence upset any grand dreams of making this region a part of greater Greece .
Whether this will ever happen remains to be seen , but perhaps the aid offered by Greece to Turkey after 1999 ' s devastating earthquake is a sign that the animosity between these two traditional enemies is beginning to diminish .
The expansion of air travel began the age of mass tourism , and Greece along with the Aegean Islands became exciting destinations for northern Europeans escaping their damp , cool summers .
The Twentieth Century A series of disastrous decisions at the beginning of the 20th century began to sound a death knell for the Ottoman Empire .
From a power base in Anatolia , the Persians overran the eastern Aegean Islands and set their sights on the Cyclades .
The magnificent frescoes and mosaics found at Akrotiri are in Athens at present , but the remains of the buildings at the site provide ample evidence of the sophistication of the culture here .
Their curiosity pushed them to build vessels that were strong enough to ford the open seas and reach these islands , marking the start of the long legacy of Mediterranean seafaring .
Toward Greek Independence However , a movement was growing on the Greek peninsula against Ottoman rule and for an independent Greek state .
Several islands and Greek city-states agreed to work together , and created a treasury to fund their plans , which was held on the island of Delos .
Athletic prowess was admired and the Olympic games were constituted in 776 b.c . , to promote friendly competition .
They were a barbaric race , and their custody of the area brought about a dark period during which the written word was forgotten and art disappeared .
Much of the best Islamic architecture in the city was constructed in the Mameluke era , but the past thousand years had taken their toll : Jerusalem was unable to regain the prosperity it had enjoyed in earlier times .
In the Bible , Genesis 14:18 -- 20 records that Abraham visited the city of " Salem " in approximately 1800 b.c . and was blessed by the city ' s ruler , Melchzedik , who offered him bread and wine .
They built many impressive churches during the term of the first Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem , but in 1187 they were driven out by Muslim forces under the great warrior Saladin .
She found that the city ' s most beautiful Roman temple , dedicated to the goddess Aphrodite , stood on the site of the crucifixion .
In a province rife with rebellion and retaliation , the execution in Jerusalem of yet another religious leader from the Galilee did not by itself have an immediate effect on history .
But Arab opposition to new Jewish immigration and construction in Palestine led to increasing strife ; by 1946 , Jerusalem was an armed camp .
The Bible tells us that the cruelty and impiety of the rulers of both kingdoms aroused the fury of the great Prophets .
In 1099 , under their leaders Godfrey de Bouillon and Tancred , the Crusaders captured the Holy City for Christendom by slaughtering both Muslims and Jews .
When Jesus was born in about 4 b.c . , Joseph and Mary escaped Herod ' s paranoia by fleeing into Egypt with the new-born infant .
Weizmann was an important figure in the negotiations with the British government that led to the Balfour Declaration of 1917 , supporting the idea of a Jewish " national home " in Palestine that also respected the rights of existing non-Jewish people already living there .
In outrage , the Jews began a second revolt against Rome , led by Simon bar Kochba .
The site of the Temple eventually became identified as Mt . Moriah , on which it stood , where Abraham was called to sacrifice his son Isaac .
Queen Helena , a devout Christian and the mother of Emperor Constantine the Great , made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land in 326 to identify the sites associated with Jesus ' s life .
At the Temple ' s dedication , Solomon addressed his God : " ... the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ?
Along with this splendid house of worship , Solomon built a royal palace , mansions for his wives , temples for the foreign gods worshipped by the princesses he had married , and towers for the defense of the capital .
The earliest name associated with the city , Ur usalim , perhaps meant " city of Shalim " or " founded by Shalim .
For all his accomplishments , Herod was nevertheless hated by his subjects ; he taxed , he tortured , and he ordered the massacre of male Jewish infants in an attempt to do away with the heralded Messiah .
The problem was that British strategists , who were fighting the Ottoman Turks in 1917 , had secretly promised the lands to their World War I Arab allies .
Chaim Weizmann ( 1874 -- 1952 ) , a scientist born in Russia but later a British subject , did much to put Herzl ' s hopes into practice .
The city was now under the more tolerant rule of the Persians , but rebuilding was slow work .
According to biblical tradition , although David bought the land for the Temple and carefully assembled its building materials , he was deemed unworthy of constructing the Temple because he was a man of war with blood on his hands .
Under the wise reign of Solomon , the city flourished as the capital of an empire that stretched from Damascus to the Red Sea and controlled the trade routes from Egypt to Phoenicia .
A massive fortress was built overlooking the Temple Mount , which Herod named " Antonia " in honor of his Roman friend and benefactor , Mark Antony .
Political and religious boundaries were aggravated by occasional incidents of terrorism or sniping until the Six Day War in June 1967 .
When Seleucid rulers outlawed Judaism , Jews led by Judah Maccabee and his brothers staged a revolution in 167 b.c . and , against all odds , restored the primacy of Jewish religious life in Jerusalem .
Today , as always , Jerusalem is a city of controversies : religious Jews in conflict with secular Jews ; Palestinians calling for independence ; many residents protesting a wave of high-rise development that many claim will turn the Holy City into a holy megalopolis .
The Dome of the Rock remains Jerusalem ' s most striking monument ; it is counted among the most beautiful buildings ever created .
The Temple and royal palace were adorned with gold and ivory from Africa and with cedar from Lebanon ; the beauties and glories of Jerusalem under Solomon have captivated readers of the Bible for almost 3,000 years .
The Macabbees cleansed the Temple of Hellenistic idols and the blood of pagan sacrifices ; the eight-day celebration of Hanukkah ( Feast of Dedication ) commemorates their victory .
Warren ' s Shaft , part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th-century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David ' s army .
At the same time , many Jews sought religious freedom and fulfillment by moving to Palestine ( as the Holy Land was traditionally called ) and especially to Jerusalem .
Scholars speculate that Shalim might have been an ancient Semitic deity of peace , for the name resembles the modern Hebrew and Arabic words for " peace " : shalom and salaam , respectively .
The Holy City remained a backwater until the 19th century , when renewed interest among Christian pilgrims made it the destination of thousands of travelers each year .
After Jesus ' s crucifixion , harsh Roman rule continued until a.d. 66 , when the Jews rebelled .
In the 1890s , Theodor Herzl ( 1860 -- 1904 ) worked to organize a movement , Zionism , to create a Jewish state .
But the ideas and mystique that have always made this an extraordinarily special place rise above the ebbing and flowing concerns of present-day Jerusalem as it continues to tug at the world ' s attention into the new millennium .
Perhaps because Jerusalem was in neutral territory not allotted to any of the twelve rival tribes of Israel , David made it the capital of his newly formed kingdom and brought the most talented artisans , dedicated priests , magical poets and musicians , and the most formidable soldiers from each of the tribes to live in his city .
Jerusalem ' s recorded history begins with its mention in Egyptian court records 4,000 years ago , but there had been human settlements here for centuries , probably millennia , before that .
In about a.d. 30 he and his followers went for Passover to Jerusalem , which was in unrest at this time , dissatisfied with Roman domination .
Jerusalem ' s mayor , Teddy Kollek , spent the next 25 years orchestrating a vast program of development , adding new cultural institutions and parks and instituting neighborhood restoration projects while tirelessly me diating the concerns of Jerusalem ' s many communities .
< UH > I will do some favor to you < UH > I do n't like to search me
okay sir I understand that you do not feel safe but I need to search you
I want the money first
I have information to help you but I do n't give it for free I want money for it
let 's see I need you to put your hands up and turn around sir
< UH > he he do n't like to put his hand on over his head
I like you and I came to give you important information so
if you want me to stay and I will give you the information
okay sir like I said it was for the safety of my Marines and for your safety too
I think that I have to leave I ca n't work with you
you are welcome but like I said to you treat me like a person who likes you
I do n't think that you are going to search me
I do n't put my hand on my head I am I am someone who is coming to give you information there is no need to put my hands on my head
Differenciate between who 's in a position where he 's liked and respected , and another who 's not .
We should make the public and the ignorant know clearly about our policy fighting the renegades , so they wo n't side with them for their fight against the Mujahidin .
I case there was a tribe who 's not obaying , and their renegade is abvious , the Mujahidin release a statement to expose them , with mass media , then do vicious military operations against them , so they would be a lesson to others .
First kill the corrupted and the ones with negative effects , before the ones who try to guide people , and has a positive effect .
Whoever we ca n't kill , and ca n't reach , we shhould at least warn or threaten him so he could back off at least .
Must differenciate between the infidels , which is in the public eyes , and who works behind the scenes , as a mastermind .
LU_ANNOTATE > We have restrictions on beheading the heads of the Islamic Party members , the Sheik of the tribes , and renegages , present it to the council if you prefer :
There must be time priorities .
Priority in killing those who are damaging to us and mulims , before the ones who are not .
Differenciate between targets in the Islamic Party , or the Ba'ath Party , who proved their failur to people in running the nation , and Sheiks and leaders of the tribes where most people especially in villages love and respect them , the first kind 's reaction is lefting signs and comdemning , the second kind blames , and sometime opens a front against us .
Must differenciate between who 's in the village , where relations are stronger , than it is in the city , where there 's different people with different ideas .
But for some reason , and I think this is really true , he got ice cream sandwiches !
And one time I can remember , I think it was Steve , my brother , um , he , and they would give treats like candy , I do n't even remember what all kinds of prizes the would give .
We would go into the bakery and we would ask for- -a nickel worth of scraps !
I mean , my mother knew where we were going and she knew when we would get back , but today you would n't send your seven or eight year old child to a movie theatre alone even if they were with their nine year old brother ; you just would n't do it .
Also about that same time period in my life , I guess again between seven and ten years old , which seems to be what I remember most vividly , my best friend uh , was Kathy Josey , and she was a next door neighbor also , and we remained friends up until , uh , she was about 35 and she passed away with cancer .
And that 's all the stories I can remember about the movies right now .
Um , Kathy and I also used to play other kind of dress ups and it just , it seems like , I remember we both had like our mother 's long skirts , or the skirts would be long on us and we would literally wear dress up clothes that belonged to our mothers .
I do know that I did used to go the movie downtown at the Carolina Theatre .
Um , and we would , had that many girls but we would only go out in a couple of cars and I remember one of the girls , Betty Belle , her dad had a VW Beetle , and we 'd fit like 5 girls in that VW Beetle .
No , I love this story .
I would say between the ages of 7 to 10 years old it , was a really big thing to go to the movie on Saturday mornings .
So we only had the one necklace and we , er , we decided , I do n't know if it was jointly or if Kathy was just extremely nice of whatever , but she said I could wear it part of the time .
So we went out one night to the movie , but before we went to the movie we went to get pizza and then we went to , and I think the name of the place was The Open Kitchen , and we did n't have chain pizza places like we do now , like Pizza Hut and all that .
I lived in the Dilworth area , and we would go to the Dilworth Theatre and I do remember that it cost 9 cents to get a ticket to get in .
And I think I was probably 16 or 17 years old ; we were of driving age .
And we went to Open Kitchen and we would have eight or 10 girls and we would order one pizza and all share it and everyone would only get one piece and I think we would make the waitresses mad because we did n't have money to leave tips .
I do n't ever remember getting popcorn at the movie until I was a teenager or in my adult life .
And my sister and I used to pretend also and Jill is about 2 years younger than I am , maybe two and a half , and we used to play Robin Hood except we did n't have a Maid Marion , we had a Saretha , I do n't know where in the world that name came from .
And it was really beautiful and I really , really wanted one .
And Saretha was the counter , would be the same thing as Maid Marion , and , why , again , I do n't know why we did n't use Maid Marion .
So it was n't a good situation for the waitresses , but we had fun and we did n't even think about it .
Um , but we would go to the movie and then you would go in and get your , your snack that you wanted .
And the way we decided who got to wear it first , and this always kind of bothered me because I know Kathy did this intentionally , she said the youngest one got to wear it first and she was like six months younger than I am .
But in my mind I can remember playing that , like all day long .
So if you missed one Saturday you would miss what happened in a particular episode and you , um , would n't know what had taken place .
And we did n't even have to ask for it because the bakery lady knew us and she knew to have all this ready for all the kids going to the movie .
And one other form of refreshment that we got , which really embarrassed my mother because she did n't know anything about this until she went with us to the movie one Saturday , there was a bakery next door to the movie theatre .
Mostly , I liked to spend time reading encyclopedias --
Do you like to read to them ?
You like to read encyclopedias .
Um , I think my favorite was like , " Little Red Riding Hood ; " I loved that book .
She likes the pictures that pop out at you .
Welcome back to our show !
Do you know ?
Would he scare you ?
Can you think of a story that they told you that you liked for them to read over and over ?
Oh that 's good .
Do you remember any that were maybe a real favorite of yours ?
Mm , I kind of liked them all .
Um , I did n't really have a favorite .
So we , at a certain time , we were scared to go over there because we 'd always go outside and look at the house across the street .
In your family , do you remember if there was any storyteller ?
Uh-huh , all the time .
What kind of books were your favorites ?
Is there anything else you 'd like to say about this , that comes to your mind ?
That 's pretty much all I need to know , about how you liked reading and things when you were little .
She likes for me to read them to her .
She likes the pop-out books .
This is Maria , and I do n't know your last name .
Naturally , I start crying , and one of my main ways of getting out of work was always saying something hurt me , either my stomach , or that I had a headache , or something was wrong with my leg .
And she was in there stomping and crying and mad and taking all her good time .
But he told me to go ahead and try it , so I took the entrance test , and they accepted me into at the school , and I took some courses there .
So she said , " Go home and talk to your mother about it and see if we , you know , can follow through with applying for a grant , scholarship grant for you .
If I could just work , even as a teacher assistant I would be happy .
I learned after I got married so I was a pretty lazy child when it came down to cleaning up and cooking .
I think that was the last class I took .
I said , " I would love to .
It 's always been my dream that my children all go to school .
I guess you 'd say as a sub because the teacher that I was working with at that time was pregnant and she had to take a leave of absence .
That was my dream , to teach school .
I did n't particularly want to come here and when I came here everybody noticed that I was really , really sad because I loved being at Enderly Park .
And he asked me to be a teacher assistant the next following year .
So she said , " Little girl , little girl , if you do n't go in there and wash those dishes like I asked , you something really , really bad is going to happen to you .
And he told me I would have to write this paper .
Just anything to get out of doing my job .
I enjoy my job very much .
And I enjoy what I do .
So that night I went home and I asked my mother about it and she said , " Baby , I really want you to go to college .
I do n't , just so I can work in the school I 'll be happy .
So one night my mother asked me to go inside and wash the dishes .
Out of 150 assistants who had applied for this grant only 16 got the opportunity , so I felt very proud of myself .
Uh , while I was in high school a teacher of mine noticed that I had an extra bone in my foot and she said , " Well now Sandra we can use this as get toward , on your grant to go to college .
And the mother asked the little girl to please go in and wash the dishes so that she could go to bed early and not come up , wake up in the morning and see all those dishes on the table .
I just got to a certain age and I said , " No I ca n't do this anymore , " so I never went back .
I do n't want to .
So the little girl just said , " OK I 'll go in there and wash the dishes .
After a while , the principal said , " I would like for you to bring me your , um , transcript so I can see what your grades are like .
Now that knife , when I went to sleep it really scared me .
Um , my dream , my prayers were answered .
I do n't feel good .
Um , that , I really do n't know why they closed that school down because it was a really nice school and everything , but they eventually tore it down because I was there I think the first year I went there was the year they built a really nice gym , and I do n't think they used that gym no more than three years .
I was really afraid .
So I went on and took the courses , and as I started I think I was taking economics .
Um , I remember once , when I was working in a mill , and I was spinning yarn , and I was saying to myself , and , I was praying actually , and I said , " God , one day I want to work in the school system .
I sat there and I cried but I tried to be as understanding as possible because I knew my mother struggled really hard to even keep food on the table for us .
As the years went by my prayer was answered and I got the chance to work in the cafeteria as a cashier and the principal there came up to me and said , " Have you considered being a teacher assistant ?
If I 'm not mistaken I think I 've been at Berryhill for I think 17 years , 17 , 18 years I 've been here at Berryhill so and I hope I never have to leave until I retire .
And I went to , um , one of my staff members and I asked her if she would proofread it , and she thought it was an excellent paper .
So I worked maybe like four months in the classroom and that highly put a damper on my wanting to be a teacher from all the responsibility along with the fact that I was taking care of a very sick husband .
So I had to , I was offered a job at Ashley Park or Berryhill and I chose Berryhill .
My leg hurts , my head hurts .
I ca n't think of any job that would make me any happier .
And when the little girl went to heaven she was crying down to her dad and saying " Daddy , Daddy !
At first I did n't want to apply for it , but the principal called me during the summer months and said , " Sandra the time is running out , you need to apply .
Well I did n't like writing at the time but I took it upon myself to go ahead and write a paper .
And her little girl just complained , " I do n't want to wash the dishes .
Out of all of my sisters and brothers I was the laziest one of all , as far as working around the house .
So after she noticed that I was going to be just a little stubborn and not follow , do what she tell told me to do , she asked me to come around in the living room with her and the rest of the family .
I really do n't , I do n't remember why that school was ever closed but it was .
We did not have very much but my mom always found a way to keep us busy or keep us entertained , and one of the ways that she kept us entertained was by telling stories , reading poems , and singing to us .
But then , after awhile , I fell in love with Berryhill .
The little girl disappointed her mother so badly , but her mother said , " How in the world am I ever going to get her to wash these dishes ?
All my life I always wanted to be a teacher even from the time I started to school .
But I love what I do and , uh , anytime I get a chance to teach in a classroom I go for it so .
My husband became very ill with cancer and I had to make a decision as to whether I would continue my education or take care of him and I felt like I needed to take care of him because he stood by me so much while I was going to school .
After all of this was , after I , I decided not to continue I 've never pursued the fact of going back to school .
One of the stories that I would like to share with you is the story that is pretty scary and it sticks out into my mind , I guess , mostly , mainly because it was scary .
Um , the , you know , I really do n't know .
And I went ahead and mailed it in thinking uh I wo n't get the scholarship .
And they were very poor by this point , and they had , I think , seven children .
Um , I do n't know if they were farmers or not , but I know they were land owners , um , many acres and , um , her grandmother was raised in wealth .
And although I never met my grandfather , I have never forgotten that story and when I hear of him I think what a wonderful , wonderful person he must have been .
And one particular Christmas , things were very , very difficult .
Um , I felt like that was a way to face that situation with such hope and with joy and with love .
Uh , then the Depression came and apparently everyone lost all their money .
There was no money to buy any presents at all , um , for the children , and my grandfather , who was killed when my mother was 16 , this was , of course , way before that , um , he must have been a very positive person because what he did with the situation was he , he told the children that there were no presents this Christmas because they had given them all to Santa to take the poor children and this made the children feel happy and proud of themselves and it gave them a good feeling that they had done something very nice for someone less fortunate than themselves .
BILL : - ah , we want you guys to get a little creative - 23 RICH : OK .
BILL : Anything you want to do over there ?
God gun control it 's it 's such a heated topic in the the and people get so emotional about it
i 'm not sure
i think they ought to teach people how to shoot them too how to take care of one how to act around one when they buy them
no i yeah i i i i i agree that it would be like people in
they he had to fill out some forms but i guess California might be tougher i do n't know
uh i think we just hang up yeah okay thanks bye
do n't use it for that well yeah that 's true they shoot each other thinking they 're a deer yeah darn i thought you were a deer Bob sorry my mistake
they think it 's ridiculous to have any kind of gun control but then of course they 're hunters they know what they 're doing they do n't realize there 're a bunch of crazy people out there that
yeah Marge i do n't know what happened to your husband he just never came back
and they 're illegal so i do n't think it would do us any good to outlaw them all together
oh yeah they do they get real emotional about it all the i 've worked with a lot of people that hunt and they just they they do n't see any sense in it at al
it really is uh the only problem i have with gun control is that they the radicals wan na ban all kinds of weapons and then the only people carrying guns are gon na be be the people who are gon na kill you anyway
one of these people that believes that we should not be able to buy guns but i do n't think we should be carrying Uzis either you know what i mean yeah i know i mean i do n't think machine guns automatic weapons i do n't believe in things like that but i think
that everyone should have the right to have a hand gun in their house if they so choose and but i think there should be some restrictions when you buy one you know they should do more background search on you they should i think it should be harder to buy one
uh on the scale they gave one to ten i 'd say i 'm probably a four
uh how do you feel about gun control
i 'm from California my mom the last time i was like purchased a gun my my mom was getting a rifle for my brother that he wanted like an antique one and
that 's my opinion on it so what now
i know but i remember you you talked about something you started off and you said well let me think
i 'm on my turf if i want them there i 'll call for them otherwise i do n't want to know they exist
so yeah i do i really feel that that 's uh an invasion of my privacy
that 's true or the ones that are are generated by a computer it 's just a computer voice that comes on the line those are the ones that i really really hate too
and i ca n't remember what it was
i 'm drawing the blank
what i would love to see done to stop all of this
and wanting to uh you know to try and get me to join or you know become interested in their religion because i have my own
now i agree with their right to um
i do n't know how much clearer it can be it 's a red sign with silver letters saying no soliciting i should have guessed i guess i should make another one that says religious or otherwise because i still get
yeah yeah no i i agree with you there though i mean they want to choose that particular religion then that 's fine with me too you know as long as they do n't try and pull me in and drag me in and and i do n't like the way that they do it either
but you know i do n't think that that would stop people i mean it 's like they they see that word and it says uh go
i believe we 've pretty much summed everything up
and uh i 've read a lot about uh that particular sect and i do n't particularly care for it so i especially do n't like for them to come up to my door and try and talk to me
uh-huh uh-huh yeah sometimes i i get them on my uh answering machine at home so and i hate that when i 've got a whole bunch of messages and i go through them and most of them are n't from anybody at all
i think a law should be passed to where any of these people i think it 's great that you know freedom of speech in this country and everything
uh pretty close to it well i 've enjoyed talking with you
and i thought yeah that that kind of touched a nerve right there but we got uh we got to talking about the um uh people coming to you at the front door
i agree with you on that particular subject there
oh goodness okay is our five minutes up
peddling products if i wanted their products i would 've either gone to the store to bought it or i would 've called for their salesman salesman to come out
wonder if there 'd be some way we could get these people that do this get their names their addresses and their phone numbers and then reverse it and do well that would be technically illegal it 'd be harassment
but i consider invasion of my privacy
pursue their religion of choice in that whatever manner they want to but i think they also should respect the sanctity of the American home whether it be in a house or in an apartment
and i do n't know i just um i just do n't particularly care for that at all and that that 's one thing that i feel really strongly about though is uh you know people coming up to my door especially religious organizations
and i really hate that i really really do i had somebody come to the door about two weeks ago
there 's a percentage certain percentage of the people there with sixty percent of the people uh seventy percent of the people said hey
exactly
yeah well the sentences are so unbelievable i just saw on the news last night that they said the average time a sentenced murderer you know is in jail is two years before he 's paroled and a rapists is like six months and a burglar is like two months
um but i think if we quit uh building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs
exactly
um i personally think to set a mark with the judicial system and we 're talking about criminals criminal cases that they should bring back
um kind of gets back to the second request we 've been asked to look at is most criminal cases requiring an ananimous verdict the a situation like that i 'd say no let 's just go like a regular vote eight to four tells me that there were eight
uh when there 's uh my understanding when there 's uh a verdict and it for example there 's a hung jury here in Fort Worth two day in eight to four and bam bam the guy got off
i mean there are so many just major major serial murders and it 's not just like one instance or something it 's just uh horrifying some of the murders that go on
you know it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences if if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to you know sentence someone for between you know two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months
that 's pathetic
and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there on a on a on a life sentence we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh
so to me if somebody has life you know beyond a reasonable doubt they should that should be it you know particularly for some of these really
that 's pathetic it 's
you know it 's crazy
yeah and the yeah there 's just everyday you hear on the news of another one like that um
i want to say Oklahoma i saw report something the other night about it
a life for a life
life in prison then he 's available for parole if it 's if it 's life and a day then he 's not eligible for parole so what you know let 's quit BSing with the system
right rather than have to retrial the whole whole thing and spend all the money for people to you know go back to court and all the lawyers and i mean it just winds up costing the taxpayers a fortune you know a fortune to keep doing that
yeah well yeah i like i like some of those things they come in really handy
well i have n't really really gotten that far with it um i 've always sort of liked General Motors a little bit better than some of the others but uh
oh yeah i i guess there 's a lot to to think about when you 're trying to make that decision
well um the last car we bought was American because of because of that reason but have not been entirely happy with um
but you know i 'm not so totally hung up on that that i would n't buy something else how about you
oh i guess i really do n't know
well as a matter of fact i was thinking about that the other day and uh
i think they have a really good um quality
i have preferences for uh for some um makers over others
really oh i do n't know
yeah i would n't have thought so either
oh you do want a lot of that stuff
brake pads are disposable you know we know that but i never thought a clutch was disposable
what i would consider to be a long-term investment
so i do n't know i 'm i 'm not ready to buy a new car yet but i do n't know if if the next time i 'm going to try to
well that 's that 's a big one in my book but uh um
okay Ellen what kind of a car do you think you 're going to buy
several things about the car it does n't seem like the quality is quite as high as i expected it to be
i would sort of like to uh think about something in the way of uh uh sort of a sporty car but not any not you know a luxury type
because several things minor things sort of but still they cost us money um that we did n't feel like we should have had to pay on a car that that was that new
um a Mercedes Benz they do n't have the history of breaking down or things like that that would go wrong would definitely not be considered disposable
okay well enjoyed it bye-bye
i guess the commercials are getting to me the Toyota commercials and i know that a lot of people i 've i 've known that have had Toyotas have been just extremely happy with them that hardly had any problems at all
yeah that i think that 's
things are you going to consider you know what uh you said something about the about the
what kind of what brand of car are you thinking about buying or like what things are you looking at
i thought they would
um and i would sort of like to buy American
it is for me other people do n't seem to have the same problem
and they just said well you know clutches are disposable and i said since when
i really do n't know the answer um
but there are some others out there that i do n't believe deserve the money they 're getting
yeah i think it 's fun i like just looking at the billboards
hope they 're telling you
me too because we go all the time the guy i was talking to never goes he was boy it sounds like your really up on this and i said i see at least two a week so
well yeah we did but the topic was boring i thought what would you serve uh if you were having a dinner party
oh God i stay away from them
yeah they want to see all the horror movies
you know they 've got it all figured out
yeah Ninja Turtles got to have those
see somebody from California i do n't even know who won the pennant last year
well do you think we 've covered baseball
let 's see but i think i think the Rangers need to go and i think the Pirates will go
oh i enjoyed it i mean it was just more for my money
you know because you know you never know where they 're going what they 'll report or
we do n't have one of we do n't even know where one is
of course you have to get there early if you want to get anything
what was i 'm trying to remember oh the other the one i talked about the other night was good it was
oh you found that out tonight i had n't even heard that that 's great i think he deserves every penny of it
they 'll try something and then they throw it out and get something else you know and you get tired of that
yeah and no if you talk to ten then they come over on and say oh you 've extended your limit and please say good-bye within the next five seconds
yeah i did n't think it was too long at all
you do n't even know who to payoff huh
i do n't think it was an all California baseball
Rangers have got a new guy this year i do n't remember his name either
yeah no i know which is worse
it was okay it was kind of slow and i felt like it kind of got chopped off at the end you know
beats me i mean i know Yankees have won a lot of games through the years
oh yeah i could go on and on about that
every once in a while i i like to go on the nights when there 's not anybody out there not very many people out there it 's a lot more fun when you 're not fighting a crowd
and i go okay i mean you just you did what you wanted to do
yeah you do n't know which is you do n't know which is worse
but i think let 's see the teams that were there last year were
i bet they do
i mean somebody walks in the classroom and you do n't know what they 're there for you know when they 're coming how long they 're going to be
and we had made a list of all these uh baseball teams and the cities that they were from then i started cleaning and i do n't know where i even put that paper i yeah i was just cleaning and throwing
that 's typical bureaucracy though that 's that 's i think it 's going to be any where you go it 's just worse in the bigger cities than it is in the smaller ones i do n't know sometimes the smaller ones are just as bad
i think it 's the Bartman the Simpsons
i wish i could
they usually pick their own
yeah we talked about that one too and he he said he did n't think it should of gotten all those awards he thought it was too long but
yes when i first started teaching i remember i went up to my job and i said okay i want to see a curriculum guide you know so i 'll know what i 'm suppose to teach and they go
wonder because football
oh man but in Dallas you do n't even know who 's in in administration there 's so many of them
and and do you know anything about that new stadium have you seen all those pictures that they 're going to put out there
that 's the only thing i found out tonight
well what do you think about Nolan Ryan being the first baseball player to earn a million dollars
threw it away oh gosh let 's see the teams that i think the A 's were in it last year the Oakland A 's and i think it was
yeah i would think it
i know but they try every year and every year they get thrown out
it was so wonderful and then i was um i decided well i like this author so i got a uh book of his short stories and that 's been real good
Still , encrypting corporate communications is only a partial remedy .
It " may well be " that theft of business data is " as serious a strategic threat to national security " as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
By contrast , European firms will spend $ 150 million this year on electronic security , and are expected to spend $ 1 billion by 1992 .
We do n't know who is winning the drug war in Latin America , but we know who 's losing it -- the press .
President Bush has agreed to meet within 90 days with Mr. Barco , President Alan Garcia of Peru and President Jaime Paz Zamora of Bolivia to discuss the drug problem .
Mr. Barco has refused U.S. troops or advisers but has accepted U.S. military aid .
He will probably be extradited to the U.S. for trial under an extradition treaty President Virgilia Barco has revived .
LU_ANNOTATE > The struggle against the drug lords in Colombia will be a near thing .
Certainly , the Colombian press is much in need of that .
After the Panama fiasco , they will need some reassurance .
The thrift holding company said it expects to obtain regulatory approval and complete the transaction by year-end .
said shareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 27 a share , or $ 212 million .
Timex had requested duty-free treatment for many types of watches , covered by 58 different U.S. tariff classifications .
The action came in response to a petition filed by Timex Inc .
The White House said Mr. Bush decided to grant duty-free status for 18 categories , but turned down such treatment for other types of watches " because of the potential for material injury to watch producers located in the U.S. and the Virgin Islands .
The White House said President Bush has approved duty-free treatment for imports of certain types of watches that are n't produced in " significant quantities " in the U.S. , the Virgin Islands and other U.S. possessions .
The offer is being launched pursuant to a previously announced agreement between the companies .
A. , through its Montedison Acquisition N.V. indirect unit , began its $ 37-a-share tender offer for all the common shares outstanding of Erbamont N.V. , a maker of pharmaceuticals incorporated in the Netherlands .
The offer , advertised in today 's editions of The Wall Street Journal , is scheduled to expire at the end of November .
has agreed to exercise any rights that are n't exercised by other shareholders .
Integra-A Hotel & Restaurant Co. said its planned rights offering to raise about $ 9 million was declared effective and the company will begin mailing materials to shareholders at the end of this week .
Under terms of the agreement , shareholders other than the Underwoods will receive $ 3,500 a share at closing , which is expected in December .
The Underwood family said that holders of more than a majority of the stock of the company have approved the transaction by written consent .
Pretax profit fell 3.7 % to # 128 million from # 133 million and was below analysts ' expectations of # 130 million to # 135 million , but shares rose 6 pence to 388 pence in early trading yesterday in London .
maker of fasteners also said it expects to post sales in the current fiscal year that are " slightly above " fiscal 1989 sales of $ 155 million .
said it expects net income in the year ending June 30 , 1990 , to fall below a recent analyst 's estimate of $ 1.65 a share .
The truck maker said the significant drop in net income will result in lower earnings for the fiscal year .
Travelers estimated that the California earthquake last month will result in a fourth-quarter pre-tax charge of less than $ 10 million .
New York , after a special meeting of Williams shareholders cleared the transaction , the companies said .
Primerica , as expected , also acquired certain assets of the agency and assumed certain of its liabilities .
He added , " This has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman and it is not designed , particularly , to take the company private .
But Mr. Ackerman said the buy-back , and the above-market price paid , prove that Mr. Edelman is running scared .
Mr. Ackerman already is seeking to oust Mr. Edelman as chairman of Datapoint Corp .
Edelman declined to specify what prompted the recent moves , saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when " the company is on a roll .
The move boosts Intelogic Chairman Asher Edelman 's stake to 20 % from 16.2 % and may help prevent Martin Ackerman from making a run at the computer-services concern .
Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected the offer as inadequate .
Under terms of the new proposal , Equus , managed by Equus Capital Corp .
Tony Lama Co. said that Equus Investment II Limited Partnership has proposed changing the offer for the company to $ 13.65 in cash and stock from an all-cash transaction .
A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter ; in addition , the loss was magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset-valuation adjustments that he described as " unusual .
said it expects to report a third-quarter net loss of $ 17 million to $ 19 million because of special reserves and continued low natural-gas prices .
New York , said it offered to buy the shares of POP Radio Corp .
Depending upon how many warrants and options are exercised prior to completion of the transaction , Heritage would issue between 1.8 million and 2.35 million preferred shares , a Heritage spokesman estimated .
Hasbrouk Heights , N.J. , facing a cash-flow squeeze , said it is seeking other financing sources and waivers from debenture holders .
The thrift said that " after these charges and assuming no dramatic fluctuation in interest rates , the association expects to achieve near record earnings in 1990 .
The company said the one-time provision would substantially eliminate all future losses at the unit .
The bulk of the pretax charge is a $ 62 million write-off of capitalized servicing at the mobile home financing subsidiary , which the company said had been a big drain on earnings .
But as the craze died , Coleco failed to come up with another winner and filed for bankruptcy-law protection in July 1988 .
The Avon , Conn .
The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court .
a once high-flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders .
Coleco Industries Inc .
in an attempt to get out of an exclusive production contract with Warner .
Both sides are in talks to settle the dispute .
Sony 's planned acquisition of Guber/Peters Entertainment Co. for $ 200 million is scheduled to close Monday .
Still unresolved is Sony 's effort to hire producers Jon Peters and Peter Guber to run the studio .
Property/casualty insurance has been a tough business in recent quarters , as pricing has been cutthroat and natural disasters such as Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake have resulted in huge payments .
Customers holding contracts for Waertsilae Marine 's undelivered ships are expected to subscribe most of the remaining 170 million markkaa in share capital , government officials said .
The Finnish government and major creditors of bankrupt shipyard Waertsilae Marine Industries Oy agreed in principle to form a new company to complete most of the troubled shipyard 's backlog of 15 ships .
Subcontractors will be offered a settlement and a swift transition to new management is expected to avert an exodus of skilled workers from Waertsilae Marine 's two big shipyards , government officials said .
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money-fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .
But the Reserve Fund , America 's first money fund , was not named , nor were the creators of the money-fund concept , Harry Brown and myself .
Actually , about two years ago , the Journal listed the creation of the money fund as one of the 10 most significant events in the world of finance in the 20th century .
Salt Lake City-based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .
said it tentatively agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp .
said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
Earlier , Mesa had rejected a general proposal from StatesWest to combine the two carriers in some way .
StatesWest had proposed acquiring Mesa for $ 7 a share and one share of a new series of StatesWest 6 % convertible preferred stock it values at $ 3 a share .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one-eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
The restructuring program is designed to increase the company 's tangible capital ratio .
The offer , which values the whole of Coates at # 301 million , has already been accepted by Coates executives and other shareholders owning 12.4 % of the company .
Orkem and Coates said last Wednesday that the two were considering a merger , through Orkem 's British subsidiary , Orkem Coatings U.K. Ltd .
Navigation Mixte 's chairman had suggested that friendly institutions were likely to buy its stock as soon as trading opened Monday .
The portfolio unit of the French bank group Credit Lyonnais told stock market regulators that it bought 43,000 shares of Cie .
fast-food company and that it planned to seek a majority of seats on Rally 's nine-member board .
The company said it was " concerned about the announced intent to acquire control of the company " by a Sugarman-led group .
said it adopted a shareholders rights plan to protect shareholders from an inadequately priced takeover offer .
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .
The establishment of the separate company , to be called Courtaulds Textiles , could be effective as early as next year 's first quarter .
Even without a specific takeover threat , Courtaulds is giving shareholders " choice and value , " said Julia Blake , an analyst at London stockbrokers Barclays de Zoete Wedd .
Courtaulds ' restructuring is among the largest thus far in Britain , though it is dwarfed by B.A.T Industries PLC 's plans to spin off roughly # 4 billion in assets to help fend off a takeover bid from Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith .
Courtaulds has been under pressure to enhance shareholder value since takeover speculators -- including Australian financier Kerry Packer -- surfaced holding small stakes last year .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
Courtaulds PLC announced plans to spin off its textiles operations to existing shareholders in a restructuring to boost shareholder value .
In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities .
In a statement , the company said : " Both parts can only realize their full potential and be appropriately valued by the market if they are separately quoted companies .
Investors welcomed the move .
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .
The sharper definition and the autonomy which each will thereby gain will benefit shareholders , customers and employees .
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
Crossland Savings Bank 's stock plummeted after management recommended a suspension of dividend payments on both its common and preferred stock because Crossland may not meet the new government capital criteria effective Dec .
A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the " core capital " criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 .
A major factor in the third-quarter loss was the write-down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill .
said it is calling for the redemption on Dec .
plans to redeem on Nov .
The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday .
In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped-for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance .
Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a-share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders .
In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast .
which is also a bank , agreed in June to buy Trustcorp for 12.4 million shares of stock with a market value of about $ 450 million .
The transaction is expected to close around year end .
said holders of $ 6,542,000 face amount of its 6 1/4 % convertible subordinated debentures , due March 15 , 2007 , have elected to convert the debt into about 683,000 common shares .
chairman and chief executive officer of New York-based RJR , called the sale a " significant step " in the company 's divestiture program , as well as a " a strategic divestiture .
Since KKR bought RJR in February for $ 25 billion of debt , it has agreed to sell nearly $ 5 billion of RJR assets .
They 've been given a mandate from Switzerland " to expand their U.S. chocolate operations .
The new candy bars , " make an important contribution to our Nestle Foods commitment to this very important strategic unit , " said C. Alan MacDonald , president of Nestle Foods in Purchase , N.Y .
For them , it makes all kinds of sense .
The sale , which had been expected , is part of KKR 's program to pay down $ 5 billion of a $ 6 billion bridge loan by February .
This means Nestle is now in the candybar business in a big way , " said Lisbeth Echeandia , publisher of Orlando , Fla .
Roughly $ 2 billion of that debt has already been repaid from previous asset sales , and RJR expects to use another $ 2 billion from the pending , two-part sale of most of its Del Monte unit .
said it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle S.A. 's Nestle Foods unit for $ 370 million .
The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % .
Thus , it remains crucial for RJR to obtain top dollar for its smaller assets like the candy brands .
But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth-quarter results .
Weil of Weil & Associates said he will remain at $ 1 a share for next year but said he wonders whether even that low target is at risk .
Unisys also noted that it paid $ 78.8 million in taxes during the quarter , even though tax payments normally would be minimal in a quarter that produced such a big loss .
In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year .
Still , Unisys said its European business was weak during the quarter , a worrisome sign given that the company has relied on solid results overseas to overcome weakness in the U.S. over the past several quarters .
He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down .
Reflecting the concern , Unisys stock fell a further 75 cents to $ 16.25 in composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Unisys Corp .
Unisys said that should help it save $ 500 million a year in costs , again at the high end of the previously reported range of $ 400 million to $ 500 million .
We 've approached this not as a response to a temporary condition in the industry but as a fundamental change the industry is going through , " Mr. Unruh said .
The quarter was terrible , and the future looks anything but encouraging .
He also said that the price wars flaring up in parts of the computer industry will continue through next year .
He said the strength of the world-wide economy is suspect , and does n't see much revenue growth in the cards .
I was feeling like I was too high to begin with , " he said .
And Unisys is expected to do little better than break even in the fourth quarter .
Securities analysts were even more cautious , having been burned repeatedly on Unisys this year .
That means Unisys must pay about $ 100 million in interest every quarter , on top of $ 27 million in dividends on preferred stock .
That , he said , is why Unisys is overhauling its whole business : It needs to prepare for a world in which profit margins will be lower than computer companies have been used to .
The information-systems industry is still going to be a high-growth business , and we 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company .
Jim Unruh , Unisys 's president , said he is approaching next year with caution .
That would be a huge problem if it were to continue , because Unisys is betting its business on the assumption that customers want to move away from using operating systems that run on only one manufacturer 's equipment and toward systems -- mainly Unix -- that work on almost anyone 's machines .
At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense-electronics concern .
Just clobbered , " said Ulric Weil , an analyst at Weil & Associates who had once been high on the company .
In addition , Unisys must deal with its increasingly oppressive debt load .
But we do n't minimize the challenges of the near term .
It has n't made merger overtures to the board .
Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September .
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla .
Crane Co. said it holds an 8.9 % stake in Milton Roy Corp .
through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .
Milton Roy recently fended off unsolicited overtures from Thermo Electron Corp .
Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid-chromatography line for $ 22 million in February .
Earlier this month , Milton Roy signed a letter of intent to acquire Automated Custom Systems Inc .
It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen .
Usually when a Japanese company is ready to sell , it has few alternatives remaining , and the grim demeanors of Sansui 's directors at a joint news conference here left little doubt that this was not the company 's finest hour .
If the strong yen and the high stock prices of Japanese companies were n't deterrents enough , webs of cross-shareholdings between friendly Japanese companies and fiercely independent Japanese corporate attitudes repel most would-be acquirers .
September , it announced plans to acquire the tropical-fruit business of RJR Nabisco Inc. 's
tever capital it ( Sansui ) needs so it can compete and become a totally global entity capable of competing with the best in the world , that capital will be injected , " Mr. Nadir said .
even a Japanese company that looks like a dog may turn out to be a good investment for a foreign concern , some management consultants maintain .
Polly Peck 's chairman , Asil Nadir , echoed the official Japanese view of the accord , which was announced Friday .
's agreement to acquire 51 % of Sansui Electric Co. proves that foreign companies can acquire Japanese companies -- if the alternative for the Japanese company is extinction .
The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been demolished at a stroke , " Mr. Nadir said .
But by all accounts foreign companies have bought only a relative handful of Japanese companies this year , while Japanese companies have acquired hundreds of foreign companies .
Japanese government officials , eager to rebut foreign criticism of Japanese investments overseas , hailed the transaction as proof foreigners can make similar investments in Japan .
itudes { toward being acquired } are still negative , but they 're becoming more positive , " Mr. Murasawa said . " I
But analysts say Sansui is a special case .
d his firm will likely be recommending acquisitions of Japanese companies more often to foreign clients in the future . " A
ther Polly Peck 's acquisition makes sense remains to be seen , but at the news conference , Mr. Nadir brimmed with self-confidence that he can turn Sansui around . Sa
sui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations , which make televisions , videocassette recorders , microwaves and other products on an " original equipment maker " basis for sale under other companies ' brand names .
h risk taking is an everyday matter for the brash Mr. Nadir , who is 25 % owner of Polly Peck as well as its chairman . He
company has not been able to cope very effectively with " changes in the marketplace , said Ryosuke Ito , Sansui 's president .
while Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top-management structure of Sansui , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. ex
Polly Peck International Inc .
Nor do analysts expect the Sansui deal to touch off a fresh wave of foreign purchases .
If you find sound , healthy companies in Japan , they are not for sale , " said George Watanabe , a management-consultant at Tokyo-based Asia Advisory Services Inc .
The oat-bran craze has cost the world 's largest cereal maker market share .
A Kellogg officer , who asked not to be named , said the Memphis project was " pulled in for a reconsideration of costs , " an indication that the ambitious plans might be scaled back in any future construction .
In announcing the plant delay , Kellogg Chairman William E. LaMothe said , " Cereal volume growth in the U.S. has not met our expectations for 1989 .
Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn-based lines simply because they are made of oats , " says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire .
People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's `healthy ' for you -- oats , bran .
Mr. Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , General Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more .
facility was n't to begin turning out product until 1993 , so the decision may reveal a more pessimistic long-term outlook as well .
A company spokesman said it was " possible , but highly unlikely , " that the plant might never be built .
Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say .
But the Memphis , Tenn .
They are not a happy group of people at Battle Creek right now .
a city that calls itself the breakfast capital of the world .
Kellogg , which has n't been as successful in capitalizing on the public 's health-oriented desire for oat bran as rival General Mills Inc .
As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , " he said .
This has n't been Kellogg Co. 's year .
Last Friday 's announcement was the first official word that the project was in trouble and that the company 's plans for a surge in market share may have been overly optimistic .
Kellogg 's current share is believed to be slightly under 40 % while General Mills ' share is about 27 % .
Until recently , Kellogg had been telling its sales force and Wall Street that by 1992 it intended to achieve a 50 % share of market , measured in dollar volume .
recently went to a " sell " recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
I do n't think Kellogg can get back to 40 % this year , " he said .
Montedison S.p . A. definitively agreed to buy all of the publicly held shares of Erbamont N.V. for $ 37 each .
The companies said the accord was unanimously approved by a special committee of Erbamont directors unaffiliated with Montedison .
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses .
and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker " as soon as possible , " even if a merger is n't consummated .
DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A . that the financing can be obtained .
DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation .
Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed .
Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts .
agreed to pay $ 4 million in cash , $ 2 million of 12 % convertible debentures , and 1.6 million common shares to acquire closely held Kofcoh Imports Inc .
The transaction is subject to approval by a panel of disinterested directors , the company said , adding that shareholder approval is n't needed .
The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $ 4 million in interest expenses next year , or six cents a share .
computer company , said it acquired the stock " to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products .
That accord also called for Hewlett-Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months .
Octel said the purchase was expected .
Hewlett-Packard affirmed it does n't plan to obtain control of Octel , a Milpitas , Calif .
stock purchase agreement .
As reported , CNW agreed to be acquired by a group of investors led by Blackstone Capital Partners Limited Partnership for $ 50 a share , or about $ 950 million .
A group of investors led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Burt Sugarman , said it filed with federal antitrust regulators for clearance to buy more than 50 % of the stock of Rally 's Inc .
A second group of three company directors , aligned with Rally 's founder James Patterson , also is seeking control of the fast-food chain .
It is estimated that the Patterson group controls more than 40 % of Rally 's stock .
has set its sights on buying its second bank holding company this year .
Security said it signed a letter of intent to purchase La Jolla Bancorp , agreeing to pay $ 15 of its own stock for each share of La Jolla .
International said it expects to report net income of 15 cents a share for the third quarter .
The company said it expects to release third-quarter results in mid-November .
West German and French authorities have cleared Dresdner Bank AG 's takeover of a majority stake in Banque Internationale de Placement ( BIP ) , Dresdner Bank said .
The approval , which had been expected , permits West Germany 's second-largest bank to acquire shares of the French investment bank .
Poughkeepsie Savings Bank said a plan to sell its South Carolina branch offices to First Citizens Bank , of Columbia , S.C. , fell through .
Poughkeepsie also expects to post a one-time charge of $ 8.3 million , resulting in a net loss for the third quarter .
Poughkeepsie said it is continuing to try to sell itself , under a June agreement with a dissident-shareholder group .
Among other reasons , high fees regulators imposed on certain transfers of thrift deposits to commercial banks " substantially altered the economics of the transaction for both parties , " Poughkeepsie said .
The charge represents a write-down of the goodwill associated with Poughkeepsie 's investment in the banks it is trying to sell and its North Carolina branches as well .
The thrift announced the plan Aug .
The bank also said its effort would continue past the Nov .
The FDIC cleared the move yesterday , and the banks must wait at least 30 days before closing the purchase .
Starpointe holders , who approved the plan last April , will receive $ 21 in cash a share , or a total $ 63 million .
The thrifts agreed to the transaction in August
Dime Savings Bank of New York was cleared by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
Norton announced earlier this month that it was exploring the possible sale of all or part of Eastman Christensen .
Although profits were " squeezed " in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw-material costs , the company said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond .
The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position .
Such selling could erode prices of high-yield junk bonds , already weakened by a rash of corporate credit problems .
The last two months have been the whole ball game , " says Steven Norwitz , a vice president .
Some fund managers say negative publicity has exacerbated investors ' concern about recent declines in junk-bond prices .
Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less-creditworthy borrowers .
He adds : " Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month .
Still , two-thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios , says Brian Mattes , a vice president .
People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying : `I ca n't take it anymore -- I 'm getting out , ' " says Kurt Brouwer of Brouwer & Janachowski , a San Francisco investment adviser .
About $ 60 million streamed out last week alone , double the level of the week following last month 's Campeau Corp .
You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , " says Mr. Litvack .
The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market .
Says Michael Hirsch , chief investment officer of Republic National Bank and manager of the FundTrust Group in New York : " It 's a time bomb just waiting to go off .
So the impact on the $ 950 billion mutual fund industry as a whole probably will be slight .
And then , asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far .
People who remain in junk funds now could get hit again , some analysts and fund specialists say .
Still , criminal defense lawyers worry that defendants are being deprived of their Sixth Amendment right to counsel and a fair trial if the government can seize lawyers ' fees .
According to individuals familiar with Mr. Antar 's case , prosecutors issued their warning this week after one of Mr. Antar 's attorneys asked whether legal fees might be subject to seizure .
In a letter , prosecutors told Mr. Antar 's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings , they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized .
The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc .
They also worry that if the government applies asset-forfeiture laws broadly , the best defense lawyers will be unwilling to take criminal cases unless they are assured of being paid .
The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June .
Mr. Alito said his office " just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right .
In that suit , the SEC accused Mr. Antar of engaging in a " massive financial fraud " to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie , Edison , N.J. , over a three-year period .
The people who suffer in the short run are defendants , but the people who suffer in the long run are all of the people , because there wo n't be a vigorous private bar to defend the Bill of Rights , " says Gerald Lefcourt , a criminal defense attorney who says he has turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures .
In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , " I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases .
Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar 's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar 's allegedly ill-gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities .
The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee-forfeiture power is to be used sparingly .
If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top-flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case .
Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges .
The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits .
Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others .
Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid .
said management would recommend to its board today that its common stock dividend be reinstated at a " modest level " later this year .
The company said it expects to use the proceeds to repay certain bank debt and for general corporate purposes , including establishing new operating centers and possible acquisitions .
The debt reduction is expected to save the Fort Lauderdale , Fla .
said it 's continuing talks with potential buyers of certain units , but has reached no agreement on any deals .
Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , is seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a-share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp .
Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer .
Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter .
Analysts have complained that third-quarter corporate earnings have n't been very good , but the effect hit home particularly hard yesterday .
Some lousy earnings reports whacked the stock market , but bond prices fell only slightly and the dollar rose a little against most major currencies .
The less-than-robust third-quarter results came amid renewed concern about the volatility of stock prices and the role of computer-aided program trading .
While bond investors would have preferred growth to be a little slower , they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9 % .
People are questioning corporate profits as a pillar of support for the equity market .
Taken together , the worries prompted a broad sell-off of stocks .
Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter .
That is another small encouragement for the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in coming weeks , they reasoned .
The number of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange that fell in price yesterday exceeded 1,000 , a key measure of underlying sentiment among technical analysts .
Over the next couple of years we would not be surprised to see Europe and international { sales } represent 50 % of the company 's revenues , " he said .
Chandler Insurance Co. said it expects to report third-quarter net income jumped 97 % to $ 2.8 million , or 51 cents a share .
In an interview , W. Brent LeGere , chairman and chief executive officer , said he expects revenue in the latest quarter to total about $ 28 million .
The investor , Donald A. Wright , plans to run the company , said a spokesman for Kyle .
The transaction has been approved by Kyle 's board , but requires the approval of the company 's shareholders .
said a Seattle investor has signed a letter of intent to buy the company for about $ 3.1 million , or $ 1.20 a share .
holders adopted a shareholder-rights plan at the annual meeting .
But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it " flattery .
The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the " new wealth , " Mr. Schwarz says .
Mr. Schwarz also said costs associated with U.S. Trust 's planned move to midtown Manhattan from Wall Street will continue to be a drag on earnings through 1990 .
Mr. Schwarz says the competition " broadens the base of opportunity for us .
I do n't believe they have the culture " to adequately service high-net-worth individuals , he adds .
We will have a reasonably flat year this year , " Mr. Schwarz says .
Other firms " are dealing with the masses .
which plans to introduce a group of workstations early next year , and Next Inc .
Earlier this month , the company said it expected to break even for the quarter on sales of $ 530 million .
But problems in manufacturing , forecasting demand and getting the bugs out of a new management information system made it extremely difficult for Sun to meet demand for its newest computers well into the summer .
and Hewlett-Packard Co . Recently , analysts have said Sun also is vulnerable to competition from International Business Machines Corp .
McNealy said the issues that hurt Sun 's performance earlier this year are now " largely " behind the firm , and he indicated that Sun 's profitability should increase throughout the fiscal year .
While this indicates continued strong demand for the company 's desk-top computers , Sun faces increasing competition from Digital Equipment Corp .
By contrast , Electronic Data Systems Corp .
Profit at the unit fell to $ 110.6 million , or 37 cents a share , from $ 142.4 million , or 45 cents a share , largely because of a $ 24 million one-time charge associated with Hughes 's previously announced plan to reduce employment by at least 6,000 people by year end .
The earnings drop at GM Hughes Electronics is a sign of tough times at both the defense operations of Hughes Aircraft Co. and GM 's North American automotive operations , which are a primary customer for the Delco Electronics Corp .
The company has said it wants to boost non-GM revenue to at least 50 % of its total business by the end of 1990 .
A bright spot is the company 's power-generation business , which is experiencing a surge of growth for the first time in years .
He said the independent power segment could grow to provide as much as 50 % of near-term generation capacity , adding : " We expect to supply a significant share of this market .
Even if the gross national product is either flat or in the growth range of 2 % to 2.5 % , " we can handle that , " Mr. Marous said .
The company 's ability to respond to energy needs world-wide will be enhanced through a recently announced venture with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , Mr. Lego said .
In the past 20 months alone , Paul E. Lego , president and chief operating officer , said the divestiture of $ 300 million of slow-growth , low-profit businesses has been more than offset by $ 600 million in profitable acquisitions .
Westinghouse also is well positioned to sell steam turbine and gas turbine plants to independent power producers .
Mr. Lego said the company foresees the need for a major boost in new-generation capability throughout the 1990s .
capitalizing on a major restructuring program , expects operating margins of more than 10 % and double-digit per-share earnings growth next year , top officers told securities analysts here .
Westinghouse also expects its international sales to soon grow to 25 % of total corporate sales from 20 % last year .
Since 1983 , Westinghouse has shed 70 businesses that it did n't expect to produce 10 % operating margins while acquiring 55 businesses .
John C. Marous , chairman and chief executive officer , also said the company expects sales from continuing businesses to rise 8.5 % annually through the next three years .
Westinghouse expects to meet its corporate goals despite a softening in the economy .
rebounding from its earlier loss , expects to report earnings from operations of about $ 200,000 for the third quarter , J.C. Matlock , chairman , said .
A committee of outside directors for the Garden City , N.Y. , unit is evaluating the proposal ; the parent asked it to respond by Oct .
The unit said it can provide no assurance a transaction will occur .
Esselte AB , the Stockholm office supplies company , as expected , proposed to acquire the 22 % it does n't own of its U.S. unit , Esselte Business Systems Inc .
Analysts had expected Consolidated to post a slim profit , and the company 's stock was down only 25 cents to $ 30.25 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday .
They have to continue to tighten their belts , " said Craig Kloner , an analyst at Goldman , Sachs & Co .
The plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months .
thrift said the restructuring should help it meet new capital standards from the Financial Institution Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act .
Benjamin Franklin Federal Savings & Loan Association said it plans to restructure in the wake of a third-quarter loss of $ 7.7 million , or $ 1.01 a share , reflecting an $ 11 million addition to loan-loss reserves .
Details of the restructuring wo n't be made final until regulators approve the regulations mandated by the new federal act , the company said .
Jay Stevens , an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds , said he expected the Sunnyvale , Calif .
company to earn 35 cents a share for the quarter and said the firm 's weaker profit was partly the result of increased competition from International Business Machines Corp .
Amdahl 's results were somewhat worse than expected .
The move rewards shareholders and should improve the stock 's liquidity , Oneida said .
